Okay, so let's get back to computer systems. This is where I think I'm going to have to restart the computer because in installing operating systems we now enter point six of the installation procedure. But before that, let's talk about virtualization technologies for performing a 001 installation, an operating system installation. First of all, okay? First of all, what we have to do is download an installation media. Generally today the default medium is an ISO image. The ISO image, the old installation DVD, can be downloaded from the web. For example, in the case of Uguntu, well, okay, we download Ugun Desktop and we can download it, we can get it here. In the case of Windows, in the case of Windows, uh, download Windows 11. download Windows 11. We can download it from this URL. Once we've downloaded, okay? Once we've downloaded it, either we burn it to an installation DVD or we generate removable installation media. For example, with Rufus we can generate a USB installer. Okay, but of course, the problem is that if I download one now and click install, what's going to happen is that I'm going to crash my computer, okay? Generally, virtualization is used to test operating systems. Virtualization and now we're going to virtualization technologies, okay? And now we'll go back to installation 001 introduction.md, okay? Uh, virtualization allows us to emulate one computer system within another. We create a virtual machine with characteristics equal to or inferior to the physical machine. And on that virtual machine we perform an installation. Recommended software. Oracle Virtual Box. Let's go for it. Let's go to Virtual Box. Oracle Virtual Box. I'm going to put the website here, okay? And we are going to download. Once we download it, we install it. In my case, I already have it downloaded. You have it for Windows, for Mac, for Linux, for Solaris, right? So once we've downloaded the virtual machine, I'm going to go to Virtual Box. Wait a minute, I'm going to close things. What was this? Nothing. Ah, yes, out. Okay. Okay. Okay, I'm going to go to the virtual machine, sorry. I'm going to go to Virtual Box, okay? And I'm going to, in this case, I'm going to delete this machine, delete all the files, and I'm going to create a new virtual machine. Let's see it. Okay. And operations. First new virtual machine and this one was a new one. What features will it have? Well, name, Uguntu Linux. Name Uguntu Linux. image. Well, I think I must have some downloaded already. This out. Let's see. Ubun. I should have some of this, okay? For example. Okay. And desktop and I put it here. Why does it appear twice? Don't know. Okay. And ISO image. I select an image and take the Ugundu image. ISO image. Selected image, downloaded from the internet. Type Linux version Ubuntu, okay? Type Linux version Ubuntu. Unattended installation, skip. Okay, I don't want unattended installation, I want to install it myself. Hardware, of course, if I have 16 GB, then I'm going to give it 4192, okay? Hardware, if I have 16 GB, I'm going to give it 4 GB, okay? one/4 CPUs. If I have 20 I'm going to give him four. I mean, I give it, okay, a hard drive part, so I'm going to give it 125 GB. Just because I give it 125 GB doesn't mean that at the moment I create it it will take a 125 GB chunk of my physical hard drive unless I give it the option to reserve it completely, which I'm not going to give it, of course. So I click on finish. I click on finish and then I'll click on start. The thing is, I think at this particular moment I'll have to restart the computer for a moment because it seems like I have something disabled on the motherboard. Okay, just a moment, I'm going to hit start and boom, sure enough. Okay, I have an error on the motherboard. So, KVM extension. Just a second, give me a second to make sure. Let's see. No, GPT chat, this is GPT chat, eh, Virtual Boxtu on error. Let's see for a moment because, well, some of you will get similar errors. And let's see what I can do because it tells me that it cannot operate in VMX root mode. It tells me to disable the KVM kernel extension, but recompiling the kernel has its dangers, obviously, so I'm going to see if there's an easier way to activate the virtual machine without having to recompile the kernel, which as I said, by making this work, other things could stop working, which obviously we don't want. Okay, just a second. Okay, another hypervisor. Yes, but there is no other hypervisor. No, KVM is loaded. Okay, come on. Okay. Intel. And wait a moment. And wait a moment. Let's see. Okay, just a moment because I'm going to reboot. Don't leave the room because I'll be back in now, but before that, I have to restart to apply these changes, okay? So stay here. Okay.