Okay, and in this last session of the afternoon today we return to computer systems and I think we return to computer systems in the best way that we can return to computer systems today, which is by exploring how what we just did in the intermodular project is then applied within computer systems, that is, In the first part of computer systems today we created a server, a to server. But why did we create it? Well, we created it for precisely these things. We created it to then launch an application into production. These little apps that I'm creating in class today, okay? full stack refresh, which is what we did today in the intermodular project. These are applications that I'm running on my machine, okay? On my specific machine, on my particular machine, in development, what for you will be Windows. But there comes a time when this has to be moved into production. Moving software into production is an art, and now in the first quarter we'll be evaluating it in a small way, and obviously, as the course progresses, we'll be doing it more extensively. So, today we are going to work on the simplest way. Later on, especially in the second quarter, I'll show you how to push to production using git, okay? and using yub, but that is more complex. So now what I want is the following. Let's go to, let's see, let's go to computer systems, let's go to 002, preparatory exercise, exam, and we're going to create a new file called 008, go to production. Okay? In a production move, we want to move the code, the intermodular project from the development environment to the production environment. What have we used today? What have we used? Well, we've used Python plus Flask and that's it. Okay, we haven't done anything else but that little ass, sorry. The question is, does our environment have those tools? The answer is yes. Because? Well, because a little while ago, a little while ago we installed Flask. And that little ass 3 doesn't need to be installed because it's already installed. Okay, now how do we connect the development environment to the production environment? Simpler answer, little file. Our uh our server already has Open SSH server. In our development environment we installed filecilla. Filecilla client. No, no, nothing against SCP. SCP is initially more oriented towards the Windows world, that is, to connect to a Windows Server, while in the Linux world SSH is used more, but not in any way against SCP. In fact, when I've needed to and I've been and I've been on Windows, I've used Win SCP, which is a program that in the end is very intuitive, it's the left side of your computer, the right side of the server, you drag from one side to the other if you want to go up or down. So no, nothing against SCP at all. Okay? So now I come here and make sure that the filecilla client is installed on my computer. Okay, so yes, exactly, correct. Okay, so it works great and in the end it's very similar in the sense that look, notice that FCILA has a left part and a right part and I go to these and I go to win SCP. I'm looking for a screenshot, okay? I go to Windows CP and if you look, if I put a screenshot of Win SCP and put file Cila, well it looks the same, okay? It's simply your computer on the left, the remote server on the right, so in the end the concept is the same. So I come over here and now what I'm going to do is I'm going to set up a new Exactly, correct. I set up a new connection, okay? We configure a new connection and for that a new site and I say SFTP protocol, okay? And that's why the CILA file is already prepared. SFTP SSH protocol. Now server, well do you remember 192 168 151. User José Vicente was in my case and password give me a 23. Okay, so okayok. Okay. Okay. Server 192, 168, 1151. User José Vicente. Password, tame 1 2 3 and we connect. We connect. We accept password. And here, as you can see, on the right side the server has loaded. So, once connected, on the left side, your local development team, on the right side, your remote production team. Remote means that today it is a virtual machine, so it is not so remote, it is on our machine, that is, it is on our own computer, but we are simulating that it is a remote production server. Therefore, drag from left to right to upload files to the server from right to left. Download files from the server. Right now it tells us that we are in the root folder Home José Vicente. Okay, I like it, I like being there. Next I'm going to create a new directory called, for example, production pass, for example, whatever name you want, okay? I create a new directory, go to production, go to the new directory and now from the local environment, from the development environment, I'm going to transfer files to the remote server. Leave. In my case they are in bar, they are in HTMW, in HTML, in Dam, a little while in Dam 25 26 or first intermodular project, eh, exercises, refresh full stack, exercises and here, okay, I move everything up. Okay. Okay, so as you can see, what I've done is drag from the left to the right and that makes sure I've just copied the files into production. Now next, now next I come over here and say, "Okay, now file new 009 start service dot python and then I come over here and for example I say, let's see where you are. I stop clear. No, this is my own computer outside. This is the server. Yes, LS. Okay, you see that when doing an LS I have a production pass. Wait. Clear LS. Production pass. I am, I insist on Ubuntu Server José Vicente, okay? Uh, CD Production pass LS and I have here uh the files that I had on my computer. Let's let's see. 011 20 products better I separate it into three blocks. I'm going to say Python 3 008. It stopped in three blocks and tells us, this is the problem and it tells us, "Okay, I'm listening on port 5000, but I'm listening on IP 127001. First problem in going to production, well what happened is that the IP where I 'm listening now is technically not 127001, but it's eh well this one, right? Let's see the IP for a moment. Just a moment, just a moment, IP 192 168 151. So, so, I'll stop and of course, now I can do one of two things or what I can do now is force an IP or tell it to listen on all interfaces. Okay, I'm going to say sweat nano 01, no, 00, I don't remember, wait. 008. I edit the file. Oh, sorry. this, okay? And I go down and in the application run in parameters I'm going to say host is equal to 0.0.0.0 in quotes. 0.0.0.0 runs on all IPs. Run, listen on all interfaces. I hit control o, control X and run again. And now it tells me And now it tells me, "I'm listening to you on interface 127001, but I'm also listening to you on interface 192 168 1 151, which means that now I'm coming over here somewhere, here I come over here, I'm going to close tabs, I come over here. and I say 192 168 151 port 8000 sorry 5000 not 8000 and as you can see what's happening is that I have the products loaded but from the server. I just did a deploy to the server and I'm running the application from the server itself. I can do the same thing, for example, with what I did in the last exercise. I'm going to stop the server for a moment. LS. The last project was 016, several pages and several templates. Well, nano 016 sweated. I go all the way down and I say host is equal to 0.0.0.0. Okay, yeah. Just a moment, yeah Edit. Sure. Just a moment, just a moment. Good question, Piero. Let's go. Let's see. Now I run Python nano. Python 3 nano Python 3 and then now I reload and this is José Vicente's website, home page about me and contact. Okay, good. Let's see. Piero, that's a very good question that gives me the opportunity to explain something very important to you. Right now, what we're doing is working on the first trimester of the first year and what I want is for things to work first and second, and this is almost more important, for them to be easy for you to understand. But there are times when doing that we incur, not intentionally, but for the sake of clarity, in practices that cannot be considered good practices for a very simple reason. I have a production environment, a development environment, that is, I have a development environment and I transfer this to a production environment, but of course, now here I make modifications, but be careful now Here I might make other modifications. I know that this is going to lead me to a train wreck. Because if I commit To make all the modifications in the development environment, I know that every time I make a modification in development, I upload it to production and that's it. If I make the modifications, it 's also possible directly in the development environment, because I know that every x amount of time I make a copy in the local environment and that 's it, a backup. But if I make some modifications in the development environment and other modifications in the production environment, in the end that's going to clash because in the end if I upload this, I'll ruin the modifications I've made in production. And if I download this to my computer, I'll ruin the modifications I've made in the development environment. Okay? What's happening? Right now, this doesn't matter to me. I'm aware, obviously, that this isn't just something that can happen, but that it actually happens. But I'm not worried about it right now, because what worries me is doing this in a simple way and for you to understand it. And once you've understood it, then from there, we 'll evolve and grow in the following quarters. Let's see. Just a moment here. Okay, I have someone, wait, who left the microphone on. Sorry. Oh, okay. Okay, I was going to check the microphones. So, I'm telling you now that, well, it's not Piero who's bad anymore, okay? It's not a question of good or bad, but rather, as I always say, of pros and cons, of advantages and disadvantages. But it 's too early to start talking to you about advantages and disadvantages. Right now, the only thing I'm worried about is that you all understand it, that it works for all of you, that you start to notice, that you start to feel that you have control over this, and once you feel that, in the second trimester, we'll start talking about good practices, how to do it right, how to do it cleanly, and all that, okay? In fact, you'll see that many of the things I 'm teaching you, well, in the second and third trimesters, I'll tell you, "Okay, I've taught you a little bit in a, let's say, dirty way. And now we're going to do it clean. But now the goal, as I say, is for you to learn it, to get excited, to say, "Okay, this is starting to make sense." that you see this diagram from before, well, this diagram here and say, "Okay, I'm starting to understand the system, I'm starting to understand the diagram, that you come this way, that you come this way and say, okay, I understand that development environments is something that encompasses this and I understand and I understand that computer systems is something that encompasses all of this here and with this we already have the complete pack of subjects and integration of what each subject is for, okay? And and well, and I'm going to, I think that more or less I'll end today's sessions by saying one thing, now I'm going to talk a little about programming and I'm going to refresh a concept that I probably explained at the beginning of the course, but that it's probably also good to refresh now. Look. In the learning of programming, this graph is usually drawn that I'm going to draw for you. This graph represents, let's paint a couple of arrows. Let's look at this page. This page, this graph. represents the effort versus the result. The problem is that let's see if this is the same Drawing backwards. Let's see it. The problem is that the graph is like this. There's stroke color. There's no fill. And no. And here there. And this here, this is the computer science learning graph, which effectively means it's wrong, it's upside down. Okay, this is effort and this is result. And this graph is saying that at the beginning, at the beginning we're going to lower the transparency. At the beginning, you apply a lot of effort, a lot of effort for little result. And that's what I'm trying to change in the intermodular project course, apart from the fact that we have to deal with market research, competition analysis and all that, and current legislation and all that, which we also have to do, but above all my goal is to mix technologies so that this bitter moment I'm putting on the screen passes as soon as possible, because this is where many people stop. Okay, this is where many people stop and this is where many people drop out. Because the moment you say, "Look, I apply four times more effort than result, this programming thing isn't worth it." This programming thing is more difficult than anything else. If you wait a little longer, if you wait a little longer and if you have a little patience, it turns out that as you move forward, we're going to paint it a different color. If you apply twice the effort, you get three times the result. That means that as time goes by, it starts to pay off more. Because? And I think you can already begin to see this. Because it supports you on what you already know. It's not about learning new things every day, but rather, from a certain point, it's about using the things you already know to build on them and go further. What's going on? That if you have a little patience and wait a little longer, then it turns out that there comes a point where by applying a little more effort you get a lot of results. And if you wait a little longer and have enough patience, with a little more effort, you get a lot more results. Okay? So, so that's why my goal, okay, is here at the beginning. This is the dangerous point and it's the point where, you know, you are right now, okay? The goal is not just to make programming fun, because you'll never hear me say, especially at the beginning, that programming is fun. Then it is, right? Then when you already know a lot about programming it does become quite fun, but at first it isn't, honestly it isn't. Programming is useful. Programming allows you to build computer tools, and computer tools are useful to people, right? Both on a professional and personal level. That is to say, what you learn with programming, I insist, is useful, but I can't say that it's fun and certainly much less can I say that it's easy. That's why my goal at the beginning of this course, as I said, is: I'm aware of this curve, I want you to be aware of this curve, and that's why right now what I want is to try to do exercises that communicate to you in the simplest way possible what's coming up, what's going to happen next, what we can expect in the coming quarters, okay? And that's it. That's why a lot of the things I 'm doing in class are, as I would say, things I'm doing in a dirty way, like mixing Python and HTML, to give a concrete example of what I'm telling you, but I don't care about that right now. I mean, I'm aware of that, I'm perfectly aware of it in the Python and HTML example and a lot of other things, but I don't care, okay? No, I don't want to teach you purism, I want you to, as far as possible, have fun within the non-fun inherent in programming, okay? And that's all there is to it. So that's all for today, but wait a second, a second, a second, don't leave because we had this pending, which is to send you the email regarding the exams. So, uh, okay, development environments, what are you going to need? Hey, let's see for a moment. Development lathes, same tools as in languages ​​and programming. Intermodular project. Eh, let's see, the same tools as in programming brands and computer systems, Mysqulamp and Python programming. Okay, Python plus GDP. Very good. Exams. Let's see. Computer systems. The essence of the exam, okay? Essence of the exam. Essence of the exam. Essence of the exam and essence of the exam. Okay, so I'm going to take advantage and send it to you now because otherwise I'll forget about it later. Okay, then let's go. Okay. Uh, first evaluation exams. Give me one. Okay. Okay. Exams. Hello everyone. I am informing you of the dates and times scheduled for the first evaluation exams. This is here. Okay. The computer will be empty and Windows will need to be installed on the day of the exam. You can come a little earlier. Samp exam. Okay, the exams are in person at the TAME facilities. Okay. Summary of the essence of the exams. Please refer to the classes or class recordings for more precise instructions and drills. Okay, this is for me. No, this is not it. Okay, this is for me. for Amparo, for David, for Javier, okay? And for you, of course. So I'm coming this way, I'm coming this way. Wait a minute. Okay, okay. Ah, I'm going to take advantage of this to put. Remember that exams are worth 50% of the quarterly evaluation. 20% are ongoing activities, subunits, 20% are end-of-unit activities, and 10% is the extra mile. Okay? So, I'm sending this to you. Okay. And to Ramón. And to Ramón. Okay, then sent. Okay, now we continue on Thursday and practice all that. Yes, the extra mile thing is what I told you about in an email recently, I think. 10% of the grade is a project that you do. What does this mean? I'll fill you with activities, okay? I tell you, you have to do this, you have to do this activity, you have to do this exercise, you have to do, I mean, I tell you, you have, you have, you have, you have, okay? I don't leave you, I don't leave you freedom. That 10% is 10% of freedom. It is a 10% in which each of you at the end of each term, in each subject, have to do a project that is free, a project that I have not told you what you have to do, but you taking the contents of that subject have to create a project, whichever you want. I mean, for example, let's give some concrete examples, uh, markup languages, okay? Exactly, Piero, indeed, that is a good description. It is mandatory, but the theme is free. Well, sorry, it's mandatory, I mean, it's 10% of the grade, okay? But it is mandatory, let's say, it is qualifiable, it is scored. So, markup language, for example, I tell you to make a series of web pages, but the extra mile is that you make a web page of whatever you want, I have n't told you what you want, what it is, but you have chosen it and in that project you apply the knowledge of markup language and you show me that you have understood markup language. programming. We do a series of projects in class. I give you activities, I tell you what you have to do, but going the extra mile, you make a computer application with Python that does something you want to do, but I didn't tell you, you chose it, okay? So, the extra mile is for you to go further, to start with 10% to go beyond what I tell you, using the knowledge I've taught you, of course, but to take a project of your own choice, okay? Of free choice of theme. As the quarters progress, free projects will have more importance in the evaluation and guided activities will have less importance. But now that we're starting, obviously most of the assessment is guided exercises where I say, you have to do this and this and this and a little bit of freedom and as we progress through the course, there will be more freedom, okay? That's the extra mile. So, that's it, see you on Thursday. We continue on Thursday with markup languages, databases, and programming. On Thursday, we'll be working on mock exams and preparing for the exam, just like today. And nothing, and that's it. Okay, if anything goes, we'll talk in the group and nothing, see you guys until Thursday.