Do you know that since, what was I going to tell you? Since, no, since December of last year, eh, we were working with video lists and I got to December and I saw that it was a mess and I couldn't find my own videos, so I say, if I, as the teacher, can't find the videos, then I understand that the students can't find them even less, okay? So last Christmas, I made this app for myself, which is kind of a medium green, and the thing is, I found this app so useful that I said, "Wow, if the students find out I have this and I haven't shared it, they're going to kill me, okay?" Because, I mean, and I did, it started to become super useful for finding out what videos they had recorded every day, about what subjects and such. And then click and watch the video, so, uh, I don't know, I don't know if it was in January, I don't remember, but I told the students, "Hey, entry here and such." Uh, at first it was without a username, then I added a username back in, I don't know, March, April, I don't remember. Okay, so, uh, like today, Thursday, is when I'm recording my first classes, okay? Uh, of course, today the medium green is still not updated. The medium green right now, at this moment, shows the content from last year. If you look, okay? September 2024 It shows the content from last year. So, Miguel Ángel was kind of asking about last year's content so he could review or analyze or study or watch the videos or whatever, okay? And nothing, I mean, the answer is that the content is here. Now, the question is, the content is here and it's here. There it is, already available. The question is, what's going to happen now? What's going to happen when, uh, from now on I start uploading videos and therefore we have to put the content from this course here and not the content from the previous course? What's going to happen? I don't know. I have no idea. Why? Well, because I 've been thinking about two alternatives. The first is that if we get to April 25 here, okay? April, May, and so on, which is when people went on internships, then here at the end of June 2025, I'll put more months, that is, uh, July 2025, August, September, October, November, okay? And then 202. Another alternative is that, For example, here I put a tab system where it says course 24 25 and when you click on it, it's in last year's recordings, course 25 26 and when you click on it, it's in this year's recordings. Okay? I don't know which one I'm going to do, but obviously I'll do one of the two. What I mean is that not in the case of Miguel Ángel, where it's to consult last year's material, to catch up or to get acquainted with the technologies we're working on and all that, eh, well, that's it, okay? And for those of you who were last year's students, I'd like to tell you that if it happens that I end up adding tabs, don't think that I've deleted last year's content, just notice that there are tabs and that's it, okay? Hey, next question. Next question. Hey, today is the first class, okay? The previous class was with Python, the next class will be with Python. The class we're going to do now will be with Python. Uh, but for example, in the calendar this next week, oh, Sorry, backwards here. This next week, wait a minute, let me clear things out. This next week, oh no, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow we have business management systems. Business management systems is the hardest subject in second-year DAM. It's the most important subject. And there, as you can imagine, what we're going to do is program a business management system. What will we program it in? Well, I don't know. Okay? The client side, obviously in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, because there's no other option. The server side, what will we do it in? I have no idea. Maybe in Python and then we set up an engine through Flask or maybe we do it in PHP. I have no idea what we'll do it in, okay? It's kind of the least of it. So, the idea is that, well, in each subject, we'll work on some technologies, for example, in multimedia programming, which we 'll start with video game programming and then continue with mobile programming. I'll show you the Monday, the syllabus. Uh, of course, we'll do video game programming with JavaScript, okay? And in interface development, well, we'll probably be working with a mix of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. That is, just like last year, we're going to mix different languages ​​so that in each subject we can find the best, let 's say, of each of the languages. Ultimately, the point is that if you need to review, you should know that you'll always have the content from last year. Okay, that said, let's start the process and services course. And this course, until recently, was a Maria. It was a Maria for the following reason: Look, I go to process and services programming and I see that there are five teaching units where there is multiprocess programming, multithreading programming, what would be called multicore, which is really multithreading. Then, network communications programming, that is, programs that open a port on the network and communicate with other programs on the network. Creation of network services, for example. create a web server so we can understand each other, okay? And use secure programming techniques, since we're going to communicate, well, we're going to establish a series of security measures, right? So that our applications don't crash. Okay, what's happening? I love all of this—this subject was all this—you'll see now, but this subject was very geeky, okay? It was a subject about very geeky things, but nevertheless, what's happening next is that, as you know, we're transitioning from the information age to the age of artificial intelligence, and in the age of artificial intelligence, multicore computing is key because there's a lot to process, and parallel processing is the key to everything. So this subject has gone from being a subject, María, that I've always loved to teach, but the students were like, "What the hell is this for me, and how am I going to get work from this if this is so geeky?" Okay, but the opposite has happened. In addition, it happens that At least at the moment, in recent years, the technique that's in fashion for training artificial intelligence is Transformers. And interestingly, by chance, I'll tell you why, Transformers is a fully parallelizable technique, that is, it consists of not just one head, but several heads processing the information, so several heads are equivalent to several cores in a computer. Let's start working with this and let's name things a bit. Okay, so I'm going to go to, well, I'm going to go here to Python and I'm going to change to the subject of processes and services. Uh, services, processes, okay? Multiprocess, executables, processes and services. Okay? What is an executable in this case? Of course, what is an executable? Well, in Python it's not executable, okay? In Python it's a file that is interpreted by the interpreter. For example, a moment ago Miguel Ángel was commenting on Java topics. Well, we spoke on the phone. Java doesn't generate an executable either, Java generates a byte code, that is, it generates an intermediate file. Only in the case of going down to C or C++, because we would be talking about pure executables. Okay, I'm aware that last year the C++ topic traumatized you quite a bit, although it was a bit of an introduction. So, I don't want you to start with C++ today, the first day of the course, because you'll surely abandon the cycle, okay? And I don't want you to abandon the cycle. We're going to start gently, we're going to start easily, we're going to start with Python and later on we'll go into more depth and we'll get into it and we'll do more about everything. Wait, I'm trying to turn off the air conditioning. Oh, dammit, I can't turn off the air conditioning. Well, nothing, well I 'm going to freeze to death. Just a second, I'm going to get up. Just a second. No, no, Fran, no, no, no way, it's a trap. I'll tell you now. Give me a second. Well, nothing, well, the batteries in the remote control have died, so now I'm doomed to have the air conditioning until I freeze to death. Okay? Hey, I was telling you, Fran, right? Okay, what Python actually does when generating Autopy to Exe is a Windows Exe and that Exe has the file, the Python script and the interpreter right there, so you don't need to download the interpreter, but that's not generating a real executable, it's generating a hidden executable, where that executable has the interpreter, okay? But it's a package, let's say. When we talk about an executable, I mean a real executable, that is, a C++ executable that generates a platform-dependent executable binary, okay? I mean, a cool executable. Python is cool for being able to distribute applications and make it easy and all, but okay, but it's not, let's say, this is the case. Okay, let's see what a process is. Hey, what's up, man? Why don't I have one? Why don't I have the folder? Here it goes. Okay, so we're going to do 101 exercises and that's it. Okay, where Are you? Here. I'm uploading exercises, okay? And 001 Python process. Okay, if I do this, this thing that you 've seen me do more than once, for in range from er to 10,000 million trillion, I 'm going to, I'm creating a hard control structure and equal to, no, sorry, number equals 1.0098, [Music] okay? This exercise will sound like last year. So I say, eh, number equals 1.00 whatever. That is, I'm forcing a hard calculation. That means that print I start and print I finish. F5. I start. Maybe I went a little overboard, okay? But I almost prefer it. I take out the editor from the resource viewer and I'll see that I have a core, although it is then distributed, okay? But I have a core there hammering away and I go to, attention, look, processes tab and I see that by CPU there is a Python 3 process that is taking up 6.30 and something% of CPU. Why a 6? Attention, everyone look at the screen. This is very important because if I divide 100 by 16, it gives me 6 and something. Okay, look, it's over, it's over, it's over, I'm done. I mean, I'm going to do it again. Attention, uh, Python takes up 0.03. But if I do this, look how Python will be. Where are you? There it is. So, why? Why 16? Sorry, why 100/16? Because 100% is what my processor can handle, but I have 16 cores, so that 100% is divided by 16. And therefore, if I program a program in Python that is only capable of using one process, that is, one processing thread of the processor, at most it will use 6.31%. See? And now it's going to go down. Now, boom, it goes down to 0.65. Okay, this is wrong because if I I have a multi-core processor and I have 16 cores, what I want is to create an application that uses all 16 cores. I want to create an application that uses 100% of the processor. This first point of the syllabus, let's see, this first point of the syllabus consists of generating executables, okay? In the case that it were in C++, because in no other language can executables be generated. In this case, we have seen that the execution of a script generates a process, even if it's the interpreter, okay? We'll talk about services, where services are a process that, instead of running, doing a job, and stopping, what it does is stay in constant execution to listen to you. For example, Apache, okay? Apache is a service. Apache is a service in that it 's nothing more than an executable, which is permanently on and is waiting for you to ask it for a web page. And when you ask it for a web page, at that moment it wakes up, at that moment it gives you the web page and goes back to sleep. Okay? Okay, let 's go. Let's see in this case, eh, let's see, let's see in this case that, sorry, here we are not in process, we are not going to threads, that at a given moment we can work, because we have multithreaded programming here, okay? Here we can work with the creation of different threads. That is, what I'm going to do now is duplicate. Let's see here. Okay, we're going here. I'm going to leave here. I'm going to go to threads exercises. There are the 002 exercises. is not multithreaded. And now I say, I'm going to remove a few zeros here, okay? Import, okay? Print is not necessary. Now it is equal to dat. Now I have it very clear. Printa now no. Date time has no attribute. It doesn't have one. Okay, let's see. Python daytime now. Let's see. Python daytime current. Okay. Geez, lache. There, now it is this and now it is this. Okay. Date time. No, no, no, no. Seriously, here. Okay. Okay. Let's add one more zero. And okay, how long did it take me? start end print took longer str eh end less start more seconds F5 Five. Okay. And now everyone, pay attention to the screen, okay? Because now the fun begins. Now the fun begins in the sense that what I'm going to do is going to be awesome, but you have to realize, okay? I think it'll be easy. Okay, it took me 4 seconds. 16 times the same process. So I come over here and say for e in range that I have 16 cores. Well, 16. I repeat this 16 times. Why? Because I have 16 cores. But doing that is going to help me use all 16 cores. The answer is no. The answer is no because okay, it's there calculating. Let's see how long it takes. Because what I'm doing is what we've done up until this point, which is sequential programming. And up to this point, it hasn't mattered because the The programs we've done up until now were simple and ran very fast, and we didn't really notice whether or not they were taking advantage of all the cores. Because if any program we've worked on up until now took 0.005 seconds to run, so what. But now, especially in the era of artificial intelligence, you know that, for example, an artificial intelligence training process can take days or weeks. Okay? Good. After repeating this process 16 times, it tells me, I'm looking at the processor, it tells me it took 65 seconds, that is, it took 16 times the 4 seconds. And if I look at the CPU, I'll see that I haven't used, okay? All 16 cores. But instead, And now comes the scary part. I'm going to convert this for a moment. Lie. Okay, now 003. I want to use multithreading. Okay, time I'm going. Let's see. Okay, so let's pass it here. I don't want a second, a second that I'm converting No. Just a second. What I'm doing is asking the GPT chat to do a conversion for me. Okay, what I'm doing is loading a Python library called Multiprocessing. We're in multiprocessing. We're going to load a library called multiprocessing. We're using a namespace. MP or whatever you want. And from here we define what we can know as a worker. That is, in the context of multiprocessing, the worker is a bubble where, from there, we're going to send that bubble to each and every one of the cores in the system. So, from here, what I'm going to do in this case is create what's known as a process pool. It's like throwing all the processes into the pool at once, like saying, swimming in parallel. And from there, what we're going to do is execute them. If I now execute this, everyone's attention to the screen. I'll press F5. Let's see the processor. Just a moment. So, let's see, I don't understand. Let's see, it's starting up. Let's see for a second because I should Let's see, let's see, let's see, Where's the shell? Here. No, this is P. Okay, this is something else. No, I think it's fried. Okay, I'm seeing what went wrong here. Let's see. Okay, I'm going to in this specific case I'm going to try a version optimized for Linux. Gee. Wait a minute, because what print is there? Print. No, no, no. Okay, let's see, if not, if not now I'll try it with C. Okay, I'm going to try it with C at least to illustrate the process. Exercises multiprocess.cpp. And now what I'm going to do next is here I'm going to open a terminal and I'm going to compile. Let's see, let's go to multiprocess, uh, G++ 004. output dot out. Okay, let's execute output. And where are you? Here. Okay. Well, that's still not too much. I've seen. Ah, no, no, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. It's that peak right there. Okay, let's see it. Processes, iterations. Well, more. Let's add one more zero, so this goes here, this goes here, and this goes here, right? Okay, wait, now I've gone crazy. It 's... Ah, yes, it'll be one more. Okay, this here, this here. Okay, compile, execute. Now, what do you think? Okay. And I'll stop. Notice I had to increase it 10 times more and still, okay? No, no, Fran, it's a very good question. What the processor basically does is distribute and create a queue. So, if you launch 32 processes against a 16-processor, it executes 16 and puts the other 16 in the queue. You have to keep in mind that we don't use the machine that closely; rather, we're working against the operating system, and the operating system is the one that ultimately manages the processor. So, when we do this, now I add 10 times more. I compile, sorry, I compile, I execute. Look at the processor. And now what the processor is going to do is, as I told you, it's going to stay working at 100% for a couple of minutes. But what does working at 100% mean? Well, it means that instead of executing a process sequentially, that is, instead of calculating the same thing 16 times one after the other, what it was doing was calculating the same thing 16 times in parallel, that is, launching a process to each of the system's cores. The idea is this, okay? The idea is for you to know that this can be done. I'm working with multiprocessing, so I imagine the next thing you'd ask, Fran, is, okay, what about the GPU? We'll talk about the GPU later because, of course, if the processor offers us opportunities to speed up the process, the GPU, as you can imagine, offers us many more possibilities. So, in a few weeks, what I estimate I'll do is: We'll be working on exercises related to Nvidia. The thing is, I'm really afraid, let 's say, of working on exercises related to the Nvidia API, because that would mean that all of you would have to have an Nvidia graphics card, so, of course, you'll say to me, "Well, maybe not all of us have an Nvidia graphics card, okay?" But anyway, just so you know. Okay, from there, from there we're going to talk about concurrency on the one hand and on the other hand something that seems even more terrifying to me. I'm going to go to parallel programming and in the next few days we'll work with concurrent programming, but in the end obviously we'll see. Yes, yes, correct. In fact, no, if you've noticed that a few cores have dropped and then a few more have dropped. Why? Well, because I asked for 16 processes, but of course, OBS is running one process, Zoom will be running another process. So, that's correct. Indeed, the operating system is the one that you You say, "I want 16 cores." Through the operational study they tell you, "Okay, I'll give you what I have and what I don't have, I'll put it in the queue and we'll see later." Okay, so when it came out, I think it was Windows Millennium, okay? That the infamous Windows Millennium was a time when processors started having two cores in the year 2000 and all that, right? There were some dual-core ones and one thing happened and that is that with Windows 95 you could listen to music and do other tasks because Windows 95 managed multi-processing very well on a single processor. The same thing happened with Windows 98, but with Windows Millennium they screwed up and you would open music, start working in Word and the music would cut out. And you were like, wow, how is it possible that this worked on Windows 95 and Windows 98, but not on Windows Millennium? That the Millenium lasted two tor a day. Okay, that's why I'm telling you that yes, the operating system does indeed play a very important role in what you ask for, but the operating system already looks to see what it can give you. Okay, okay. Uh, with parallel and distributed programming. This is where it's going to blow your mind next, okay? Because I propose the following. A processor has x cores. This processor has 16 cores. But if I go to a classroom where there are, for example, 20 computers, I could use 16 cores for 20 computers. Therefore, it could use power cores. How would you say I can take advantage of the fact that I can make an application that uses 320 cores of power? So let's start working on this issue and on the one hand we're going to start working with distributed programming. distributed means distributing across a series of computers and then later we will work with network communications. Today we are going to work a little with network communications. Okay, let's move on to parallel and distributed programming, and for that, I'm going to come here and take a look for a moment. Programming in speech and distributed and 002 exercises. Okay, for that, oh, this is this is data access. This is true. Okay. Spoken and distributed programming. Exercises. Very good. 001. Let's see, Fran, damn, you saw me there. Socket server. Indeed, that is the answer. Okay, well, that's an answer, that's a good answer. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Ah. Ah. I don't understand. Okay. Okay, one second, one second, one second. No. Okay, okay, so uh yeah, yeah, correct. Okay, the topic of the topic of the sockets. Okay, so here we go. So okay, at that time it was indeed with Blender. Let's see, let's see, on the one hand we're going to make a program that's going to do, eh, no, no, no. Just a moment, just a moment, just a moment, I've lost my temper. Let's see, what it's going to do is listen and what it's going to do is put into service, make a socket server available to the user, okay? To do this, on the one hand, I'm going to have a socket server, okay?, which is this one here, importing the socket library. We're going to leave this here and in this case we're going to link to IP 127001. Okay, having said that, well, on the port, sorry, 1 2 3 4 5, because when we make a network communication, we have to specify which port we want to listen on and we enter a wi true. We enter a wi true in the sense that we enter an infinite loop in which the server is waiting. F5 and the server is waiting. Okay, now I'm going to start another IDLE next. In IDL I'm going to start a blank file and create a client. So I go back to the folder, I go back to the folder, I go to DAM 2526, I go to second, I go to service and process scheduling, multiprocessing for now, parallel and distributed. exercises and socket client, okay? So, so if I do this now, if I do this now, let's see. Okay, so this is the client socket and this is the server socket. This out. This is the client here, huh? Oh, okay, yeah, sorry. Socket server here. Now yes. Okay, Socket client here. And the client says, "I've connected to the server, hello, to the server." And the client says, "I received from the server, hello to the server." This means that when we have a socket server and a socket client, we can communicate with applications and we can send information so that a remote computer can compute that information and return it to the main computer. So if we have a server we can have as many clients as we want. We're going to run some kind of calculation a bit like what you're talking about, right? Like the Blender network client thing for distributed rendering, but simpler, right? But perform calculations. So in this case I'm going to do the following. Let's see. Here what I'm going to do is calculate, let's see, 1000 times a number. Socket object, okay? Okay. Hello Server, no good. Hello Server. This is the client. Let's see, because now what I want is for the client to be the one who calculates. Okay, the server is going to say, "Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay." Okay, the server is going to say number equals 1.004 times equals 10 billion trillion. So what I want in this case is to send the data on the connection. Okay, look, I'm going to create a dictionary and in the dictionary I'm going to put all this in the form of a dictionary so I can send it. The question is, am I going to be able to send a dictionary to a socket? Maybe yes, maybe not, but if I can't send you a dictionary, I'll tell you now that the solution will be to serialize it, serialize it with what we saw in the previous subject. Okay, I want to send what is data. Okay, okay. I want to send the dictionary received from the server. Server receipt. So I run the server, I run the client, okay? Byt. That's the problem. So what have we done before? Well, before we did import j what we do is a moment I'll tell you here jon.domp dictionary. This is the server. Hey, watch out. Oh, wow. Another thing, when our socket server hangs, the port hangs. Okay, I'm going to use port 1 2 3 4 6. Here I'm going to use port 1 2 3 4 6. Yeah, okay. Server client. OK. Dom. Ah, sorry, sorry. Json. No, let's see what you recommend. Oh, wow. We are. Ok, F5 and already inuse. What a bummer. F5 F5 Okay. Bytes like object is not required not a string. Well, let's see if I can pass on the information. Okay, that's a good question. Okay, now we talk about that. Obviously, wait a minute. Obviously the answer to what you asked is yes. I mean, in any case, I'm really pissed off about the network address. In any case, the comparison between Python and no dejs, no dejs is always going to fly. Okay, now yes. What have I received from the server? I have received these from server number 1,004 times here. What does this mean? Well, now I'll decode data and what I can do now is important and in the client I'm going to say, eh J is not good, let's see the data, it's equal to data pun decode or jonlo loads data dot decode print data. I hope it doesn't tell me that it's in use. Thank goodness. I say F5 and if you notice, I receive this from the server here and convert it to JSON. And if I convert it to JSON, then on the client, for example, I can start a process in which it calculates, I don't know how many times one number is multiplied by another. I mean, I can send information, right?, within a single computer. In this case I am on a single computer because I am in an office where I am alone. Okay? But obviously it could go, we could in fact even do it for the exams that you have to come in person, do an experiment of sending a different package to each computer and making sure that if there are 20 computers in the classroom, we distribute a computation across 20 different computers. Okay? Now, going to the question you asked, Fran, uh, the point is that we already know that Python is actually slower than the bad guy's horse. C++ is very fast, but for doing complex things it's a pain in the ass, right? DJS is a pretty good middle ground, as we've seen in years, well, in previous years, last year, okay? We know that NDJS, being based on JavaScript, is very easy to use, and we know, and we have compared it previously last year, that the difference in power and performance with Python is very, very nice, right? So effectively a perfect alternative for this would be NOD JS. Okay, I'm going to wrap things up a little bit, okay? We might end up around 9:15, 9:20 so Serena doesn't kill me. We'll continue tomorrow. Obviously, you already know that tomorrow, if we look at the calendar, we have an intermodular project class at 1:30 and a business management systems class at 3:00. Okay? So, uh, questions. Tomorrow we'll also talk about how the assignment submission process works this year. I'll tell you that this year, where the idea is to organize everything in terms of teaching units and teaching subunits, we're going to go to the second one. I'll tell you that in programming, for example, of processes and services or in data access or in any subject, the idea is unit one. There will be an exercise to do from unit 1. Subunit 1 1. There will be an exercise to do from subunit 1 1. Unit 1 subunit 2. unit 1 subunit two, okay? There will be an exercise to perform for each of the units and subunits in which we have worked. And that exercise is going to be personalized based on the questionnaire I sent you the other day, which I'll send you tomorrow. ask if you have filled out the questionnaire and then tomorrow we will also talk about how to submit that form. Remember how to hand in those exercises. Remember that in the documents the other day I left you the evaluation rubric where the evaluation rubric includes the instructions on how to answer the exercises, okay? I'll add them to you. Tomorrow we will talk about this in impersonal management systems and in intermodular projects. And nothing, and that's it, okay? So you'll see that this year I'm going to present you with a very standardized way of performing the exercises and presenting the results. By the way, I want to tell you that this evaluation rubric you're seeing is the same one you'll find on the exams. That is, once you get the hang of this assessment rubric, the entire course in the subjects with me, obviously, with other teachers, well, I can't force them to use this system, but all the subjects with me, units, subunits and exam will be exactly the same. Okay? So, you'll see that once you get the hang of it, it's just fill, fill, fill, and fill. Tomorrow we will do, we will do demonstrations. By the way, I was remembering a question that Ángel, Ángel, Miguel Ángel asked me before about, uh, not only last year's videos, but last year's code. Keep one thing in mind, Miguel Ángel, and I'll remind the rest of you too: last year we weren't just working on the DAM repository, okay? This repository here, we put most of the exercises there, but keep in mind that at some point in the course we started developing HOCARSA applications. Which means there are a lot of applications that are not in the main DAM repository, but are in the shadow repositories. Okay? I'm telling you, Miguel Ángel, because you'll have to watch the videos, especially starting in the second quarter, to see when we 're working on each of the other repositories, okay? I also tell you that all those repositories are open in my Jithub account. You can come in, you can get the code, whatever you want, okay? You have it all, I mean, you have it all and you all have it all there so you can take it, take it and you can and you can treat it and you can do whatever you want. Okay? Okay, I'll tell you, uh, tomorrow morning remember that we have the intermodular project subject from 1:30 to 2:30 and then comes, as I said, the toughest and most interesting subject of the second year, which is business management systems. That's the subject that's going to give you the most work for obvious reasons, okay? Because that's where we're going to learn to develop and program business management systems, which, at least here in the Valencia area, are the most popular jobs, right? If we lived in Silicon Valley, MySQL would probably give us money, while Oracle would, in other words, hire us to program databases. If we lived in Betón, in California, okay? Well, OpenI would hire us to do multicore programming, but we live in Valencia and basically most of the money is in programming business management applications so companies can make their moves. So, as I say, it is the toughest and most interesting subject. We're going to leave it here more or less today, so tomorrow we'll continue with the intermodular project. The Apple clone. Wait a minute. What do you mean by Apple? No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay, no, no. Last year we did the project of, I'm trying to remember the name, it was a wheat-colored thing or something like that. Okay, so we made a clone of the Apple page and then made a dashboard for it. Okay? Would you refer more to the control panel? No, it's much further. Okay, so last year what we did was almost a kind of, quote unquote, WordPress clone. But WordPress isn't a business management system, it's a content management system. And the content management system, well, yes, well, it's a small part of a business management system, right? The goal is to manage invoices, customers, orders, accounting, human resources, production, right? It's what we did last year with the control panel, I think it was Light Late Blue, but it was really extensive, and we have a whole subject to do it, and it's, as I said, the most important subject in the second year. So yes, there is indeed a part, Fran, of growing module by module. Look at what I'm telling you, Fran. In fact, if I look at the syllabus, you'll see that in business management systems, specifically point number five, teaching unit five, is component development, that is, modular development so that, starting from a base development, we can add modules that expand the functionality. So, what you 're saying is, in fact, in line with the official syllabus. I'm telling you, it's not a syllabus that I made, it's the official syllabus that comes with the department, okay? Correct, correct. Well, that's the point we're going to make in this course: preparing ourselves for the code so that we know that it's not just that what we program isn't already there, but that whatever we program is safe for the future, so that we can continue to grow it. Okay? Well, that's all for today. I'll stop the recording here and see you later.