So we started with the programming class. We continue with the programming class. Last week we were working with, uh, control structures, the use of control structures. Today what we are going to do is enter the fourth unit called class development. So, in class development we will first look at what a class is. First, let's do a first review to get our bearings, okay? Because what I'm going to do in these next two hours is very abstract and I need it to be clear, okay? I need to explain it well so that you understand it correctly and know what is going to happen. Okay, uh, code reuse, period Python. So I say, for example, print. Hello, uh, hello, hello, hello, Pepe, okay? Hello, Pepe. And then I say, print, how are you? And I'm going to say print. You know, you're 45, okay? And then this is a block of three print statements and that's it. Okay, so now I come and say, "Hey, Juan, you're 34 years old." Print, hello Jorge, you're 56 years old, okay? I can make as many prints as I want. The problem is that when I start making a lot of prints, I have the impression that I am wasting my time. I have the impression that I could group this code, I could encapsulate it, I could reuse the code in a way that would be more efficient. One way to encapsulate the code we saw earlier is to create functions, functions to encapsulate. So I come over here and say, "Okay, yeah, say hi." And then this bled. And so now I can say hello as many times as I want and right from the start on the screen I say, "Okay, okay, here it seems that I'm starting to save, okay? Save effort, but there's still a small problem. The small problem there is, let's see it. The small problem there is, Python 3, uh, 002, okay? The problem is that it always says PP, with which nothing happens because the functions can be customized, okay? So the functions 003 uh parameters of the function are customized through parameters. So I can put name, comma, age and then I say hello, comma, name and so you know that you have to know that you have age, years, which means that here I put Juan and here I put Jorge and here I put Jaime. Okay? And then I execute Python 3 and then I finish customizing the function. Okay? So in computer science there is a there is always a rule, a constant, a continuous tendency over time which is to reuse. In Computer science, we are lazy, we want to work little, we as human beings want to work as little as possible and for the machine to work as much as possible, okay? Because human beings have feelings, we get tired, okay? The machine doesn't. Well, what we want is for the machine to work, okay? Well, once we have completed this review, this is what we have learned or part of what we have learned in previous units, now what we are going to do next is learn one more level of grouping, one more level of encapsulation and that level is called object-oriented programming through this concept called classes. So for this, so for this I am going to do the following. I am going to start teaching classes with something that is cats, okay? So with cats, with cats what we are going to do is the following. I come here and say class cat and everything that happens here inside will be part of a cat. When we create a class, next we have to define a very special method called init. Now, when we get to Constructors, I'll explain the inite method. Okay, I'll put it for now and I'll explain it better later. And now what I'm going to say next is put self. Self is myself, okay? Self puncor, self. And self dot uh, well, I don't know. Cat breed, okay? Let's say, this means I'm creating an abstract capsule. This is what I want to tell you, okay? And inside that abstract capsule, I'm going to put properties for now. Now next 05 I create a first cat. So I come over here and say cat 1 equals cat. Print cat 1. And what's going to happen on the screen, what's going to happen on the screen, ah, look, it was right here, what's going to happen on the screen is uh Python 3. And what was I going to tell you? Where are you? 005 and I create a cat. Okay, nothing happens, okay? Because what I'm going to do is say that this is equal to nothing and this is equal to nothing and this is equal to nothing. Okay, that's it. And it tells me, "Okay, you have a cat." Okay, so from this moment on, the program recognizes an entity called cat. The program doesn't know if this is an animal or what it is, okay? But it knows that as a programmer, I have defined something that from this moment on will be called cat. Okay, now next, well, I can not only create one cat, 006, I can create as many cats as I want. So now next, I say, cat 2 is equal to cat, print me cat 2 and therefore, and therefore, Python 3, and uh, let's see, do I have Franco Candel? I no longer have Fran Cendel, okay? Uh, so 006, okay? And now I have two cats. Now I have two programming cats. Okay, so once I have this, now next, what I'm going to do is the following. We're going to continue with the members that a class has, and from there, we'll go with, uh, creating properties, creating methods, and creating constructors. Okay? I'm going here, I'm going to structure, I'm going to exercises, I'm going to 006, 001 eh members. So, a class has something called a constructor method. The constructor is called when the object is instantiated. A class, a class has properties, they are static in the sense that they don't move, they don't execute any action. And now from there, a class has methods. For example, if I have a cat, a method would be Mauluya. So from ma self and the cat says meow. So print meow. Now next if I have a cat, that means cat 1 point mauya. Let's see it. And this is now we've changed folders. Visibility, exercises. terminal and Python 3 001, okay? And the cat says meow. Therefore, a method is an action that the object performs. That is, a property is something static, a method is something dynamic, okay? It's something that moves between quotes, let 's say, so to speak. Okay, so these are the main members of a class. There's one issue that It has to do with visibility, which is the following. 002, visibility of the members. And then I say cat one is equal to this, okay? And now I say cat 1 pun eh color is equal to orange. And now print. The cat is colored. Cat 1 color. If I now execute this code, this means that Python 3 00. Here 002, okay? The cat is orange, that is, the visibility, the visibility by default is public, which means that from outside, from outside I can write the property and from outside I can read the property, which is not very good, the truth is not very good because you will say, "Hey, how cool, I can enter and I can write and I can read." Well, we are not supposed to be able to do that because the idea of ​​creating capsules, the idea of ​​creating containers seems not, but in a certain way it is to protect the information, encapsulate the information, save the information so that later it cannot be accessed. And you will say, "Wow, well if not I can access that information, what use is it to me? Let's see, I think that for someone to enter, well, it seems that there isn't. Okay, the point is that this information should only be accessible in the way we have established, that is, in the method, according to the method we have established. So for that, for that we're going to do a first test there. There you will now see the Python Object Set private property. Okay. And let's see, okay? From Vale, this and Okay, okay, okay. Okay, yes, but properties. Hang on a minute. Let's go here to chat GPT and Python set private property on object. And we see that there are different tricks. Okay, okay. There is no real private property as in other stricter languages. There's one, okay, there's one, there's a convention, but here's the double, okay?, which is mangling, that is, accidentally preventing the user from accessing a property. Well, here we go. Now let's talk about this property setter getter, okay? Well, 003 private property. Okay, I'm going to say in color next, okay? In color I'm going to say that I don't want this property to be accessible, so I do self color, double score color, okay? And now if I try to do this from outside, I try to write the color or read the color, what's going to happen here, Python 3 003, what's going to happen EPA here, wait. Python 3. Well, it tells me yes, even though it's not supposed to be able to, but okay. Well, he should have told me no, okay, but anyway, it's a way of trying to make properties private. Now, later you will see that not always, but in some circumstances we may be interested in making the properties of objects private so that they cannot be accessed from outside. Sorry. Yes, well, it cannot be accessed from outside. and can only be accessed with the access keys that we build ourselves. Let's go deeper into object-oriented programming. Let's see it. And we're going to create properties. Okay, the properties, as we were talking about a moment ago, 001 properties, right? They are the ones that allow us to establish what is happening with a cat. Self. Name defaults to nothing. I'm going to return color and self dot whatever we want, okay? Self point because eye color. Eye color. Properties, as we see, are therefore the attributes that a class has, the pieces of information that it will store at a given time. Once we have properties, we will see that, as we saw before, we also have methods. Now, methods 002, meow method, okay? Creating methods 001, meow method. Okay, methods are defined as functions, but a method eh cat 1 equals cat and cat 1 pun meow. This works, but it shouldn't work. Let's see it. Rather, it shouldn't be structured like this. Python 3 and here 001. Okay, the meow method. What happened? Cat. What happened? Do you mean cat? Ah, cat one point meow, sorry. Okay, there it is. And neither. Cat has no attribute. Oh, sorry, it's Mauluya, not meow. Okay, come on. And this is a method, right? Now, once we have this, we can create as many methods as we need, but remember that I mentioned this to you with the functions, that 002 function with return. The function should not do a print, but the function should always do a return. Return meow. And so here I'm going to put print gato maulya and print 002. The result is the same, so you'll say, well, what we've actually done is the same. But not really, okay? It's actually much cleaner on the inside than a method that returns with return instead of doing a print. Next, we are now going to talk about the set methods and the get methods. The set and get methods are a very advisable and very clean way to create an access interface to whatever we really want, right? Well, to our objects, to our properties, to everything for that, for example, to show you an example of how a setter works. And now I want to change the color of the cat or the age of the cat. So death set age. Death set age self coma new age. And then I say self pun age equals new age. So if I want to put the cat's age, cat 1. age is 1. I could also say cat 1 pun age equals 1, but this is not recommended. This is much safer. Because? Well, for a very simple reason, they both do the same thing, but there is a difference and that is, how old is the cat? Print. Right now the cat is about one point old, years old. And after doing this operation, let's see how old the cat is, okay? Hey, Python 3 setter, okay? Right now the cat is 0 years old and right now the cat is one year old. But what would happen if 004 were setting without control? What would happen if I now said, "The cat is 5 years old?" Well, of course, from a logical point of view, right now the cat is 0 years old, right now the cat is 5 years old. Wait. At what point does an animal suddenly turn 5 years old? It seems that something is not working properly. Okay? Why do we make methods instead of directly setting the properties of objects? Well, for several reasons, but one very simple reason to understand is that if we use methods we can establish validation mechanisms, but if we don't use methods it is difficult to establish validations. So because of this, because of this, now next I'm going to say I'm going to say if self punity is equal to new is equal to new age -1. In that case, self-puned age equals new age. Els, print or return, okay? Whatever, print, operation not permitted. So if I now try to set Python 3004 without control, not operation not allowed, you can't do that. Okay? I mean, let's take this out, let's take this out, okay? And I'm going to say 005 control on set. What do methods allow us? It allows us to establish control mechanisms to ensure that the logic applied to the computer program is a logic that makes sense, is a logic that is predictable and that really helps us work correctly. Okay? Let's see. Well, we have methods. Let's now make a get method 006, a getter in the same way. I do this. Death get age self and I say eh return self.ad. How old is the cat? Well, I shouldn't say age, but rather I should say get age. And I should say get old. You might also say to me, "Yeah, but why bother if it was already working for you before, why bother creating a method?" Well, although the method currently does the same thing as directly accessing the property, from an information security perspective, using get and set methods allows us to establish a series of security mechanisms that we did n't have before, right? Now if we want them, only if we want them, then we can have them. Next we are going to talk about constructors. The constructor now is the special method that appears here called init. This special method is called a constructor and is an occur method, a method that is always executed at the beginning, that is, always when an object is created. And one of the things, one of the things, this is 001 constructor most interesting is that 002 constructor with parameters. So I, for example, will remove this below. I'm going to say init self comma new color comma new age. Color is new color, new age is new age. So, so now I can say that cat 1 equals cat. And by the way, in the builder's signature I see that he invites me to put a new orange color and the age 0 years. What's going on? That way I save time, that way I save effort, okay? So what I do is, since I create a cat, since we're here, I tell it that it's orange and I tell it that it's age is zero and in this case, it doesn't need to initialize the parameters. I don't have to initialize all of them. Really, if you notice, it's silly to give a cat a zero when it's created. Let's see, maybe not. Okay, I mean, if this app, okay? Hey, age is meaningless if we're covering the birth of a cat. Imagine it is an application in which the object, the cat, is created when it is born. It doesn't make sense, okay? 003, not all parameters in the constructor. I can tell you, look, I do want the color, but age isn't important. Because when the cat is born it is 0 years old. You don't need to put it in the constructor for me. I can tell you this. But what would happen if I had a computer application for a cat shelter and it brought me a 5-year-old cat? Of course, I'm not going to tell him, "No, no, either you bring it to me that's 0 years old or don't bring it to me because my computer program can't fit it in five." Okay? Well, if I were to make a program for a cat shelter, I would have to allow that when a cat is registered in the shelter, it is not 0 years old, because they might have brought it to me when the cat was already grown. Okay? Good. All of this has to do with the creation, right?, with the creation of classes. Now we will do an exercise to see how this is applied. And now you'll see that this doesn't seem like it, but it has its application, right? It has its very strong application. Before that, well, using classes and objects, okay? This is what we were doing a moment ago and that is using classes and objects, right? Creation 001 multiple instances. Let's do an exercise, okay? Cat one is an orange cat and cat two is a black cat. Okay, so before we get into using inherited classes, let's do a serious exercise in which I 'm going to simplify the class as much as possible, okay? In which, what I hope, what I want is for us to easily understand what object-oriented programming is going to be useful for. And for this I'm going to do an exercise in which we create a computer application that works with clients. So so so I 'm going to create 002 client application or client practice exercise. I insist, I'm going to make it as simple as possible. I'm going to take this off. I'm going to take this off. Okay. And I say class client. I create a client and the client will only have, let's simplify it as much as possible, name equals new name and self.email, email, equals new email. equals new email. So what I'm going to do now, once we've defined the class, is uh, create a microprogram that uses this class. Look, if you want, I'll say self- punction equals direction, okay? And sorry, new address. and new direction. Okay, so once I've done that, I 'm going to do the following next. 003. Now user input and I say, eh, print program clients by José Vicente Carratalá and I say, ah, input, input Enter a client's email. Input enters a customer's address. Ah, sorry, sorry, sorry. Customer name, customer email and customer address. Okay? And then, and then I say the following, uh, client one equals client and to the client I give the new name, comma, the new email, comma, the new address and that's it. I mean, I'm telling you, I 've already told you that this was going to be easy. This is the first exercise. This exercise will obviously grow later, okay? This exercise will later become longer and more complicated, but for now what I have achieved is to create a client structure, no longer saving as we did until now, three independent variables, independent, three different variables, three variables that had no relationship with each other, okay? But what we've done is group them into the same structure, okay? And now next and now next, finally, of course, I can't do a print client, uh, print client because it will just give me the memory address, okay? Print client 1, okay? Uh, I run Python 3 and 00 4 and it's going to tell me, "Hey, the cat, what what cat or what cat? Where are we? Creating methods. No, not here, we're not here. Okay. Okay. Use here. Print client, okay? And Python 3 and 004. Okay. Enter the name José Vicente with José Vicente. The email info@jocarsa.com and the address. This address tells me, "You have a client, okay? You have a client saved there in memory, also at this address in RAM. Okay, okay, I'm not saying no, but I want to see it next. So, well, let's see if I can see it. Oh, let's see if the case method catches me. Let's see. 005. Uh, scroll through keys. Moment, moment. I say for eh key in client 1. Casse print key. I think this is going to tell me what flowers. Um, Python tiki tiki tiki and B key. Momentin. Ah, let's see. Hey, Python and loop in object case. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Ah, fantastic. This, come on, this is what Vale, this is what I was missing. Case. Gee, I said. Okay, this, this and this. Okay, no. Wow, it's customer one. Let's see, wait, wait. Skis. Let's see, let's see. Incredible key. You'll see. Well, client is noter volv. Okay, let's see why. Of course, I don't have a dictionary. Clear. Let's see, literals. Okay, yeah, but wow. Phew. Okay, okay, okay. This is it, this is it. Okay, I can't explain this much to you, I can't explain it in depth right now because this is part of unit six, storage structures, okay? So I don't want to give away any information, but let's see. This, this and this. Okay, now yes. Good. So, so I say uh the key piece of information, okay? Uh, uh, key client 1. And then now next and that concludes this little demonstration exercise. Name, José Vicente. Email info@jocarsa.com. Heading towards José Vicente Street. And no, let's see, one key client. Wait, what's going on? Customer a key point. Let's see, here it goes again. José Vicente info@jocarsa.com, José Vicente's street. Well, what's going on? Ah, wow, key dictation. This is what happens. Okay, come on. Okay, José Vicente, uh, info@jocarsa.com, José Vicente's street. Now yes, the piece of information named José Vicente is worth it. The email information piece is info@carsa. The address information piece is José Vicente Street. Okay? What does this mean? Well, I insist, this little demonstration for now tells us that we'll be able to use classes to store blocks of information, okay? To save more advanced pieces of information that will ultimately be useful for a lot of things. Okay, and now finally in this block, before, as I said before, dedicating a part of the class to dealing with the topic of activities and assessment and all that, we're going to talk about inherited classes. Inherited classes are classes, that is, they are a tool that allows us to have an inheritance mechanism and inheritance basically deals with transmitting information from one class to another. For this, for this I am going to use inherited classes and within the inherited classes I am going to say the following. Let's get back to the cat. Let's go back to the concept of the cat. 001 class cat dot Python and I'm going to say class cat eh, death init self. Okay, and I'm going to say here that, uh, we're going to see self pun color is, uh, well, I don't know, it's equal to zero. Okay? What's going on? Well, the cat can have a self. It is equal to zero. Color, for example, would be nothing. And now let's imagine that I also have 002 the dog class, so class dog and I say init and then the dog has color and the dog has age. And here I begin to see a problem from a programming perspective, which is that there are repeated properties and we already know that when something is repeated in programming, it's not cool, right? We do n't want anything to happen again. So, when we don't want something to be repeated, what we can do in this case in object-oriented programming is to create a parent class, a class that contains the other two in this way. 003, mother relative class, okay? A parent class. I'm going to create an animal class and the animal class will have self color and self age. And now next here inside cat I'm going to say that the cat is an animal. Clash cat, clas dog is also animal class. What happens this way is that now I'm going to put su here and here I'm going to put su. S means superclass and superclass means that from this class I go to the higher class. The top class is this one, and I catch everything that class has. If all goes well. Now next, well, I'm going to start compiling, okay? which right now wouldn't give me much of a mistake, I think, but no, never say never. I come here, open Python 3003 terminal, okay? And everything is OK. Good. And now, and now next I say, eh, cat 1 equals cat. Wow, cat 1 equals cat. And print cat 1 point age. This is 003004 using the parent class. If I now say Python 3004, ow. Hey, cat doesn't have a moment. S s sp s. I have some mistake here. Momentin. Eh, error s of If there is any error it must be the super. Mm. Okay. Ah, wow. Okay, super init. Okay, now yes. Good. Super init and super init. Okay. Okay, let's see. We recharge and it tells us, "Your cat is 0 years old." But the funny thing about this, the funny thing about this is that, eh, as I would say, do you realize that a cat has no age? Cat has inherited the age of animal and dog has inherited the age of animal. The fun thing about class inheritance is that you can increase class inheritance as much as you want, because for example, now I say 005 rock, right? And so now I say, "Okay, class rock. rock and I say from init, obviously, okay? And I say the rock, a rock doesn't have an age, okay? Well, although technically it could have, but let's say it doesn't have an age. I say, self. X is equal to 0, it's the position at x in space self.Y and self. Z. But of course, what happens? Well, I say, "Wait, for an animal to be able to move in space it would also have to have x, y and z. So I do this, I put them here, but once again we run into the same problem and that is that animal and rock are duplicating the same parameters and that will result in inefficiency for me, but I can make as many inheritances as I want. So, 006, top level of inheritance. So I come over here and I'm going to create a top class still called object. And the object class is going to have a defit in which in the object class I am going to put x, y and z. And I'm going to say that the rock class inherits from object and the animal class inherits from object. So there's no need, let's see, there's no need to say here that both one class and the other, sorry, not here, not here. Now yes. Hello, Lucas, good afternoon. This one has superinit and this one has superinit. So, uh, sorry, this shouldn't go here, this should go here. So the object has x, y, z and the rock, when inheriting from the object, has x, y, z and the animal has x, y, z. But I'll tell you more. An object is a physical object, right? But object could in turn be a child of a superclass called concept or entity, right? The element. There are objects that can be physical, tangible, an object, a table, a chair and there are objects that can be intangible, okay? the truth, the joy. But of course, what position in the space X Y Z does truth or joy or sadness have? Not applicable, but they may have a name. So the idea with this is that the object-oriented programming methodology, the class-based programming methodology, can greatly help us represent problems that can arise in the real world. This class, as I say, is very theoretical, okay? It seems very theoretical, but nevertheless, but nevertheless, now we are going to do a series of exercises. The thing is, working with objects without having yet worked on unit 5 and unit 6 is difficult because I have to create objects without having worked on storage structures. Well, I also tell you that when we get to the unit the fun will obviously start to increase. Okay? Before we get into the second half of today's programming class, let's talk for a moment about activities and assessment, shall we? And so, as you slowly begin to have questions, I also take advantage of the classes to give you answers, because, well, the questions, whether you like it or not, start to repeat themselves, which is normal, obviously. Let's see. Good. And here we go. Look, okay, being in a training cycle, on the one hand, okay? In a training cycle we have the teaching of content. On the one hand, theoretical content is taught, which is what I'm doing right now, and two, exercises are done, okay? In class, in class, in which the teacher shows the applied concepts. Okay, and those of you in the room, in the class, are given the opportunity to participate, ask questions, propose, modify, all of this, okay? What it has within what is the online methodology, well, what it has, let's say, the live session, the collective tutoring and there is eventual interaction in class, which is the collective tutoring. Okay, wait until I save this, okay? evaluation dot txt. And as I tell you, and as I tell you, well, in turn, I'm going to go for a moment to a program made in Python and I come now here, I execute, I tell it, there, wait for it to open in the other window, I tell it that I want to open programming, right? Let's see. Lady lady first, uh, programming. Okay, now. Okay. Generate, copy. Okay, and now, for example, well now what we're going to do is this is what we've seen in class so far, up to unit four. Do a cumulative exercise. Create the activity statement only with what we have seen so far, without giving away any content. Okay, let's go. Let's look at the system now. What you are doing is analyzing what we have seen in class, analyzing the exercise, the exercises, the knowledge that we have shown in class and you are going to propose an exercise, okay? An exercise, a non- assessable, non-scorable activity, which we developed here in class to show. Let's see. Okay, details of the statement. Sometimes it takes longer, sometimes it takes less time to think. Okay, come on, an activity. Let's see. 100 consoles, no files or collections. Includes entry and exit. Mini shelter manager. Okay, that's cool. Uh, create a little console program. Look, an animal shelter. Okay, I love it. Perfect. Let's go for it. Inheriting an animal class. The program will request user information, apply validations, classify animals by age, and display a file for each one. Okay, I really like this. Class eh animal base class, okay? Okay, okay, okay. Classes, daughters, cat and dog. Okay, very good. Very catomuya and barking dog, obviously he had all the appearance. Okay, define constants in uppercase. At the end of the data entry, Conert assures that no age is negative, right? Exception, when you read the ages from input, convert it to int in a try except fine. Displays an initial message with your name, asking the user for the color of the cat and dog, breed of the cat and dog, initial age of the cat and dog. Okay. Looping and operations. Simulates the passage of time. How old do you want to pretend? Okay, auxiliary functions, milk. What a great workout. Okay, well, here we go. My goodness. Okay, let's see. Let's go there. Let's do this exercise little by little. He tells us, we're going to make software for a shelter and he tells us, we're going to do the initial class. Okay, so I'm like you guys right now. I have found an activity and I have to do it. And if the program says I have to do this, then I have to do this, okay? Let's go there. I come this way. Use, okay? And eh new file 007 and cumulative exercise point Python. Let's go there and I'll follow instructions. Create the base class animal. Class animal. Public properties. color, string, age, integer starts at zero. So death init self self pun color equals string self pun age equals cer integer. Okay, with this I just Ah, careful. Private property, wait for it. Ah, private property, chain race. Okay. Okay. Race is a chain. Parameterless constructor that initializes default values. initializes default values. Okay? Methods. I'm following the exercise. I tell you now 008 methods. What do you want? Well, def set age. self comma new age only allows the age to be increased by exactly one. If self pun age is equal to new age -1, if self age is equal to new age -1, then self pun age plus equals 1. It only allows increasing the age if the age meets this condition. Get old. Def get age eh def get age self return self. And the same with set race and get race. Okay, so def set race self dot comma new race and then self pun race is equal to new race and description well and get race, sorry, def get race self is return self uh race. And finally, and finally it returns, it doesn't print, it returns return, okay? returns def description return eh self pun age plus str color plus self dot Rafa, okay? For example, with this I have almost fulfilled the first point, okay? I've almost accomplished the first point and added a doc string to the class or some method explaining what it does. Okay, so let's add a little doc string. A 2 3 1 2 3. Animal class defines age, color and breed. Okay, a little doc string that tells us what to expect from that class. What I'm doing, as I said, is reading the statement of an activity that has been set up based on the exercises we've done, okay? And now continue. Classes, daughters, cat and dog, okay? 009 daughter classes. So I come over here, I'm going to put another doc string up here. Shelter program, copyright 2025 copyright 2025 José Vicente Carratalá. And this program eh manages a shelter, okay? So def cat is an animal, that is, cat inherits from animal and dog inherits from animal. So def cat and def dog inherit from animal. Its constructors, its constructors call super init. Their constructors call super init, but each of them has its own method, so def ma self prints print meow and def ladra de Ladra self print wow gu no guow valo es insist what I am doing as I read an exercise and I am building what is asked of me now define constants in capital letters for example max age cat, max age dog And at the end of the data entry, secure with assert. Okay, so let's see, it displays an initial message with your name, print. Okay, ask the user for age, the initial age and check that age, okay? No, it's not going to get through this. Very good. Well, here we go, 010. Let's continue with the exercise. Hey, do you want me to define a maximum cat age? Max age of dog. Well, I define age plus cat and age max dog. I do what the statement tells me. Sometimes it seems strange, but for now I do it. Assertion. Well, I can assert. We'll see at the end of the entry, but we haven't made an entry yet. Okay. And when you read input, okay. I show an initial message with your name. Print. Print. Hello, I'm José Vicente. Hello, I'm José Vicente and welcome to my refuge. Okay. Asks user cat color equals input. Enter the color of the cat. Dog color. Enter the dog's color, breed, and age. Let's see. Yes, but but okay, okay, okay, okay, let's see, just a moment, just a moment. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, let's see, dog equals dog. and cat equals cat. So now color point cat and color point dog. Okay, now breed point cat is breed point dog. and breed point dog. Okay. And eh, let's see, and what am I missing, what am I missing, what do you want me to put and the age. Cat point age dog point age age age. Okay, define constants. Okay, okay, okay. Display by console. Okay. If age, now I say, if cat dot age is less than one, print. The cat is a puppy. If cat dot age is greater than or equal to one and less than if print the cat is a young adult. If the cat is greater than or equal to seven, then the cat is an adult. Same with the dog. I'm doing what they ask me to do. If dog point age, if dog point age, if dog point age. Okay. Okay. Now, loop simulates the passage of time for the cat. They're asking for just the cat, so I say, "Okay, increase its age until it reaches the age the user specified." For example, eh, maximum age is equal to input. Just a moment. How old do you want to pretend? And this is an integer. And then I now say for age in range from zero to maximum age and I say, let's see and I say cat dot set age age. Okay, create a free format function for the date, whatever, okay? And there is a list of things we have to do. Print. I'm going to say cat. Age, while we're at it, okay? And we execute. Let's run clear now. And this is Python 3010. Okay. And that's it. What does it say? New age minus1. Ah, okay. Ah, yes. The if, the if, this if, if, I'm missing two points. Okay. Okay. Expected points. From set race. Set race. Set race. Two points here. Okay. If cat, age ang cat dot age. I always make the same mistake. A dog. Age. I detect my mistakes. And dog is an animal. Animal. Animal. Animal. Dog is Oops. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Dog equals dog. Wow. Wait. 43. Au. Let's see. Positioning error. Let's look at it because it tells me there's a positional error there, but it doesn't make sense to me that there's a positional error. Ah, how? No, no, wait, wait until I see the mistake. Animal cat clash. Ah, okay. Okay, I'm missing the self. Incredible. Okay. Hey, wait a minute, look, let's get this. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. And okay, okay. Cat color, orange. Dog color, eh, black. Enter the cat breed. No, no, I don't know about races. Siamese. The boxer dog breed. Age one. Dog age one. How old do you want to pretend for the cat? 15. The cat is now 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 to 15. Cat's profile, age 15, orange color, Siamese breed. Dog profile, age one, black, boxer breed. Public properties, black color age one. And so on. Okay, so, well, we see how, as I said, the activity would take a little longer to complete, but you get the idea, right? So the idea is that there will be eventual interaction, so from here on, from here on we move on to the evaluation phase. Assessment is carried out through activities that result in practical programming exercises where possible. Where possible, it means that there are units that have theoretical content, and obviously, those units that have theoretical content, well, it's less easy to do exercises on this code, right? Okay, so here we go. Just a moment. Okay, wait a minute. Let's see, a second-rate one. Okay, so from here on the evaluation phase serves two purposes. On the one hand, in terms of the training cycle, learning and development must be recorded. of the student and the achievement of the intended learning outcomes. On the other hand, let's see it here, okay? On the other hand, activities are an important part of showing yourself whether you are really learning or not. That is, in class you copy my code, but in the activities you start creating code. From here, therefore, first there is class and then there is this concept of carrying out activities, where as I say, on the one hand I must have a record, a record of these activities because a training cycle results in the granting of a qualification with official recognition and this qualification must be granted once the student has demonstrated having achieved a series of knowledge, okay?, through a series of results of that learning. And on the other hand, as I say, since computer science is very thankless in the sense that you put in a lot of effort and you don't know if you're learning or not, the activities are a way of showing yourselves whether you 're learning or not. Okay? Next, once we've talked about this, we talk about the role of artificial intelligence in teaching, in teaching and assessment. I have a philosophical principle, a philosophical, ethical principle, whatever you want to call it, that says that artificial intelligence should not replace human beings, because then nothing good will happen, okay? If humans allow themselves to be replaced by artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence must help humans achieve things they would otherwise be unable to achieve. That is to say, for me, in my opinion, artificial intelligence is not there to replace the work that people do, but to help them. that person, not even to be more productive, but to achieve things that they would not have been able to otherwise. What do I mean by this? Okay, there's a pedagogical principle that consists of adapting teaching to each individual student, not the level of teaching, but the methodology, the pace in a certain way. and the theme to emotionally involve the student. That is, it is assumed that the student learns better if he or she is emotionally involved in the training. What's going on? As a human being, okay? The theory would be that I would give each of you a different exercise based on your tastes. But of course, what does that mean? Well, I would like to do this, but I can't because I don't have the physical time during the day to, taking into account the number of subjects, taking into account the number of students, taking into account the number of exercises, and also remember what each student likes and assign exercises for each of you, okay? In practice, a person cannot, a human cannot, does not have the physical time to create all those materials, but with artificial intelligence, they can. That's why, first of all, I asked you to fill out a survey for me. In it I collect your profile, your goals and your hobbies, what motivates you emotionally. This survey is the one we mentioned before. Time I'm going to take it this way. We take it here and I'll put it here for you. This, obviously, what I'm doing, so I'll send it to you later by mail. So it's important that you fill out this survey so that the artificial intelligence and I know what you like. From that moment on, artificial intelligence generates personalized exercises for each of you. One, taking into account what has been taught in class, taking into account what you like. generates personalized exercises for each of you. Okay? That's what the first of the artificial intelligences in development does. Next question. Next question. Premise. Behind artificial intelligence there must be a human being. Artificial intelligence serves human beings. Artificial intelligence doesn't command us, it doesn't order us, but there's a human behind the artificial intelligence, okay? There is a human touch behind artificial intelligence. The human being is me. Okay? That is, it's a tool that automates, but it automates according to what I tell it to automate, and sometimes it can make mistakes and other times it can't. These days you've been sending me questions about, it 's not that artificial intelligence asked me for this, the activity statement says this. And there are times when I say to you, "No, no, that seems like a mistake." But there are other times when I say, "No, no, that's something you have to figure out because it doesn't seem to make sense, but if you think about it, it does." Artificial intelligence is asking you, for example, to tell it the overall focus of what you are explaining. Okay? So with this, you find, well, I haven't told you up here, okay? eventual interaction in class. And from here on, live teaching is done through Zoom and the teaching, uh, let's say the classes are recorded on video and you can watch them on the platform. Okay, on the mediumsigreen.com platform. Okay. Okay. Just a moment, let me come down here. Okay. Okay. And this. Okay. Okay. You can find the activities to do on the platform that some of you have already started using: eval.jocarsa.com. Okay, once you get into that platform, okay? You enter the platform and enter your ID. It is necessary to have previously completed the initial data survey on hobbies. Okay, from there you select the subject, you select the module, okay? Sorry, you select unit or subunit, an activity is presented to you. You must solve it. according to the drills we have conducted previously. How are activities resolved? One, you read the statement carefully. Two, you take out a code editor. You implement step by step what the statement asks of you. Four. and you fill out the evaluation rubric in a text document. Five, you upload the activity to the platform, okay? You upload the activity to the platform and six, you hit the send button and seven. I recommend that you re-enter the activity to confirm that it has been saved. How is this? Okay, so next I come over here, I go to the one I have locally, which I have in test mode, I enter the ID. In this case I'm pretending to be Serena, I'm going to, uh, I'm going to programming, I'm going to variables and I'm entering. Okay, I see there are saved answers. There are saved answers. In fact, there are two saved answers. There should be one, but oh well, that's okay. Okay, there are two saved answers and here I have an exercise. Okay, here I have an exercise. Well, once you've uploaded the practice, a few hours or days later, you'll find the evaluation. That means that once every x days I will pass a second artificial intelligence and that second artificial intelligence will be in charge of evaluating you and will be in charge of justifying the reason for the evaluation. That is, now I'm going to tell you how it is evaluated and I'm going to tell you what you're going to find next. Just give me 5 minutes, I have to go out for a moment, okay?