Well, let's get started in today's class. Hey, let's start according to the schedule that you already know is planned. Okay, wait a minute and let me put the calendar on the screen here. Well, the classes, as you can see, are grouped on Mondays and Thursdays. Come on, today I'm going to say mine, eh, then there are Alicia's and Pilar's with IP, okay? But I'm talking specifically about mine. So, well, let's get started. Today is Thursday, the 11th, okay? Let's start with markup languages. It's two o'clock. And first of all, what I'm going to tell you is that all the code I'm going to do can be found at jithhab.com/jocarsa. Let's see it. Bardam2526. Okay, everything I'm going to do you'll find here. Now then I remove this. So let's start with first, let's start with what we're doing today now in markup languages. Let's start with markup languages ​​now. And in markup languages, the first thing we find is a teaching unit that tells us how to recognize the characteristics of markup languages. So let's see first what the classification is. Let's see what types of markup languages ​​we can find and let's start to see what markup languages ​​are useful for. So to do this, first of all, let's see, let's create a series of contents. I'm going to go and start up a code editor. I'm going to open the chat, wait, I don't know if you're telling me something in the chat. Okay, I'll leave the chat open. Good. And from here, and from here I'm going to go to DD, to Dam, I'm going to go to first, I'm going to go to markup languages, I'm going to go to recognition of the characteristics of markup languages, in classification I'm going to go to exercises and this is where I'm going to work. That is to say, I am going to use this structure at all times with the objective that you always know where I am, you always know what course I am in, what subject I am in, what teaching unit I am in and what teaching subunit I am in. In this case, to start guiding you, you will see that the entire course will be like this. We are in the professional module subject, markup languages, unit, recognition of the characteristics of markup languages, subunit classification. Within each unit and subunit, you will find an initial summary, then a series of exercises, then exercises that I do, and then some evaluation criteria, that is, some exercises that I will give you over time. Okay? Well, let's start by saying that the most well-known markup language that exists is HTML. So I'm going to create a file 001 html.html. And I'm going to write this markup language for now, okay? Quickly. And now, in the use of markup languages ​​in web environments, we will gradually learn the HTML language step by step. For now I want to put a demonstration. Doc type HTML. HTML, I have a head, I have a body and I'm just going to put P here inside. This is a web page and that's it. So the most well-known markup language we have, Hello, Sandro, very good. And I see Jonathan around too. The most well-known markup language we have is HTML. With this language we can create web pages, but we can also create documents. These are the two three things that markup languages ​​are most commonly used for, okay? to create documents and to create interfaces or websites. Uh, yeah, I'm recording. You scared me so much I'm recording. I have this program here next to it. The thing is, you might not see the pilot up here of recording with this with Zoom. Okay, but don't worry because I'm not recording with Zoom, but with another program that I have on the other screen right now, which is why you can't see it. Okay, but don't worry, I don't forget to record, or maybe one day I'll forget to record. I mean, of course, exactly, I record with OBS, but it wouldn't hurt if you reminded me. Okay, so as I was saying, as I was saying, um, this is, okay, a first markup language. At this point in the class, you'll start asking, okay, what program are you opening? What program are you working with? What program are you editing with? Okay, I use a program that is specifically for Linux called Heit, which is nothing more than a text editor. You can work with whatever program you want. In fact, in upcoming classes we'll talk about development environments and what types of development environments exist, but you can work with any program you want. It is very common for you to use a very nice and attractive program called Visual Studio from Microsoft. No problem, okay? You can use it if you want. So, for now I'm using a text editor, as simple as possible, as easy as possible to use. Just a moment, I'll take advantage and go to assistants. Here participants. I don't know what's wrong with Zoom, but okay. Well, I don't know. Okay, so another markup language that we 're going to see very frequently is the XML language. So, I come here, while the HTML language, now we will see features and areas of application, okay? But hey, let's talk in this case about, look, you know? Well, I'll see about that now. Characteristics and areas of application. I'm going to copy this and say new file 001 create websites with html punhtml in application scopes, okay? One area of ​​application, we will now talk more about classification here, is creating languages ​​with HTML. As I was saying, another markup language is creating documents with XML, a markup language called XML. So from here, let's see for a moment. I'll take this out here, okay? I take this out here, I take this out here. Okay, and as I was saying, another markup language, I'm going to take this header, it's the XML language. Within the XML language, for example, I can create custom tags and say, I want to create a person. And from this person we are going to create personal data and then experience or training. And then training. In personal data I'm going to put, for example, a label called name, another label called surname and for example within name I'm going to put José Vicente and within surname I'm going to put Carratalá Sánchez. Okay, let's see what happens if we put this on a website. For this I'm going to go to the folder. Where are you? The folder is missing. I'm going to go to the folder. I'm going to SMR. SMR. No, I'm going to DAM. It's up here. Dam. I'm going to go to markup languages ​​first. I'm going to e here. No, not here. I'm going here. Subunit two, exercises, okay? And for example, I throw this HTML file into Chrome or Chromium or whatever. Okay, just a moment to access here, because this is a web page. This is the result of the code we wrote earlier, which was this code here. And now, what if what I want instead is? What I want here is to load the XML file. Well the XML file is this one here. If you notice, the web browser shouldn't necessarily show me an XML file, but in this case it's previewing it. So what is HTML used for? To create websites. What is the XML language used for? To create documents. There's another markup language, okay? We are putting features. what each one is used for, areas of application and a little bit about what shape they have. You see that in markup languages ​​there are open tags and closed tags in a large number of them. Don't have. Oh, okay. Okay. Now the next question is, what other markup languages ​​are there? These two are the main ones, but there are more. Or there's another markup programming language, sorry, called markdown. to create dot html pun documents, sorry, the extension of the markdown type document is MD. So now I open this document and I say, let's see a moment, give me a second, what the heck is this call? Let's see, I'm in class. Tell me. Okay, but tell me. If I can. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Correct. We'll talk about it now, but yes. Okay. No problem. Okay, okay now, nothing, excuse me, I'm here now. So, uh, Marku is also for creating documents and you'll say, if Markdown is a language for creating documents and XML is for creating documents, which one do I take? Well, there's no need to choose. Okay? I teach you markup languages ​​and from there you will use each one for whatever interests you. In the long run you will all use them, okay? In the long term, as your needs arise, you will use one language or another. Well, this is a header. Level one header. This is a level two header. This is plain text. This is a list item and so is this. This is a vertical separator and this is a code block. It's a quick demo, okay? It's a quick test to show you that markup languages ​​don't hurt, okay? Simply because they allow us to save information. You'll see that it seems like a rather unattractive language, but nevertheless, if I now open that Markdown file to create documents, you'll see that in this case I'm seeing it because I have a browser plugin that is capable of interpreting Markdown, right? But you'll see that this is a level one heading, this is a level two heading, this is plain text, but this is a list item and this is also a list item and this is a code block. Okay? So what conclusions can we draw from these three languages ​​we've seen so far? Well, the conclusions we draw are that there are different markup languages. Let's go, I'm going to put here new file 001 conclusions that we can draw point MD. And so markup languages contain information. Unlike programming languages, which process data, process things, markup languages ​​contain information. Well, from there, from there, there are different languages. Each of them has its own syntax rules. can have Yes, yes, I know, I know, I know, Jonathan. The reason this file is numbered 09 is because I'm now going to want to create the 004 CSS file next, but I don't want the conclusion to be left and then the CSS, but I've put 009 to force it to be left last. Yes, I haven't told you, but it's okay. On other occasions, the clamp is looked at with the issue of the number, but precisely in this case today it is not. Okay, so each one has some syntax rules, they're not very complex and then keep in mind that, uh, in the end, given that markup languages ​​are for documents, in computer science, computer information is not about processing, computer science is about documents, about information, okay? It's normal, it's common for information to be stored in documents, okay? And so, markup languages, markup languages help us do two things: one, saving documents, and two, creating websites and creating web interfaces. And this is basically what we're going to do in this subject, okay? This is what we are going to do. We're going to be learning different languages, not a lot, but yes, of course, obviously the most important ones. And as I was saying, as I was saying, Jonathan, uh, I'm leaving this to put here 004. There is a language called CSS. CSS allows us to add style to HTML. I'm going to call it dot html. And then I'm going to create a doctepe HTML HTML HTML head body and body document. And then I say P. This is a website. Okay, and here inside the head I'm going to create a style tag and inside the style tag I'm going to put a different language than those I 've talked to you about so far, which is called CSS. The CSS language works in conjunction with HTML to perform sterilization. So, in this case, for example, later on you will see that we have in the Where are you? Here in the use of markup languages ​​in web environments, we have CSS style sheets, right? That's why I say it looks like I'm running, but I'm not. So, I'm now giving you an introduction to what each programming language is for. And do n't worry, when the time comes, we'll start to go into each of the languages ​​and we'll go little by little in each language and all that, okay? So relax about that. Okay, I'm going, as I was saying, to the P and here in the P I say that the color is red, the color of that text is red, so I'll come back here later, right? Then I come over here, reload, go to CSS and check that it's true that the text is no longer black, but red, right? So the idea with the CSS language, wait a minute, wait a minute. Okay, okay. The idea with CSS is to have a language that can support us, right?, and that can stylize us and that will ultimately be very important for web pages to have a certain structure. Okay, from here, from here, uh, let's see, I want to see two more languages, okay? I want to see two more markup languages. One of them is not really a language, one of them is the JSON 005 JSON format for saving puns documents, right? The JSON format is technically JavaScript and is a subformat for storing objects. What happens is that the objects end up being really similar to the documents, right? So, for example, what I'm going to do here is create a key and inside the key I'm going to put the name, colon José Vicente, comma, last name, colon Carratalá Sánchez, comma, phone number or email is info@jocarsa. com. Okay, and this is a jon. As you will see, in the end, if we want it, it saves the same information as an XML file. The difference is that an XML file has a specific syntax, it has opening tags and closing tags, while a JSON file has a different syntax, which in this case comes from JavaScript. Which one is better between the two? Neither one is better than the other, okay? We will use each one in one scenario or another, but ultimately when I want to save documents, I can use one or I can use another. Now, now, yes, in this case what I'm going to do, what I want to do in this case is to focus on one thing, which is structuring. That is, I, for example, here before in XML, we are going to create another document, 006 eh J are nested. For example, I can come here and say, look, this is personal data, and then I put an object here, and then inside an object I have another one. I can nest and then I can put formation here and then I create another object and I put formation one and uh description comma formation two and description. Okay, and so on with each piece of information I need to put in. Sure, what's going on? Well, then, for example, I go into Mark and Markdown doesn't have that style. Markdown is not for that, it is not for storing nested information. Markdown is for saving a document that has a very presentation-type format, let's call it that, Word-like, okay? So, wait a minute, where are you? Smartdown, here. Type this. So, when I want a markup language to present a Word-like document, I'll use Mark; when I want a markup language to store complex information, I'll use JSON or XML. So conclusions we can draw. For example, Markdown is useful for Word-type documents. And uh, for example, XML and JSON are useful for complex and nested documents. Okay, we're going to take it easy over the weeks, over the course, to see what each document format is for and in what scenarios you can use it. Yes, Sandro, look, nested basically means that one thing is inside another. In this case, there is a category called personal data, and within this category there are elements such as, for example, name, surname, or email. This thing about things being inside each other is what is called nesting in programming and computer science, right? And then there's another language I want to see. There are many, okay? That is, I am showing a small sample of all of them. There is another language called 007 SVG for creating graphics. It is a small language that we use to create graphics, especially two-dimensional ones. Okay? So, just a moment, I'm going to look for a little example. SVG can be made very complex. I'm looking for the simplest SVG example I can get my hands on. Now, in a moment I'll take a 30-second micro-pause to plug in the charger, as you can see I'm taking too long. Let's see. No, just a moment. Not now. Let's see, let's take the label, the main label. I'm going to take advantage of this to drink. We're seeing a lot of formats at the moment. You will say, " My goodness." Of course, the subject is called markup languages, and evidently, there will be several markup languages. Okay, I'm going to take this one. I'll take this example. So in an SVG file, we first create the SVG tag. Let's say WI 512, height 512. And I'm going to create in this case, for example, a circle. Let's start with a circle. Center X at 256, center Y at 256 and that would give you radius 100 and color red. All of these are properties and attributes. Now I will tell you about this next. If you want to see it simpler, I'll do it like this. I'm going to do it like this. I'm going to do it like this. And I'm going to do the same thing in the circle. And so you will understand that all of these are nothing more than attributes of a single label. Okay, so what happens when I run this? Well, what happens when I run this is that I have, look, the flag of Japan without having wanted it, uh, I have a white canvas and in the middle of the canvas I have a red circle, okay? So, while HTML, for example, is a markup language that allows us to create websites, SVG is a markup language that allows us to create drawings. And obviously, when I want to create a website that has drawings, I'll use HTML and I'll use SVG. HTML for the web and SVG for drawings, okay? So this is kind of the point, to show you that there are different markup languages. Now we will go into more detail on each of them, and each one will serve us for different purposes. In this subject, I want to take advantage of today to begin teaching you a markup language that is the simplest you can imagine. the simplest markup language we can imagine today. I don't know. Hey, okay, Sandro, right? SVG is originally designed to work in 2D. However, don't worry because in JavaScript, which is a programming language that we will see shortly, there is a part called web GL, which does allow us to work in 3D and represent 3D information. So, no SVG, but don't worry, we will see how to represent 3D spaces, especially because I am firmly convinced that the future of the web is 3D. I'll tell you more about this later. I don't want to bore you with too much detail today on the subject of 3D, but I think 3D is going to be much more important on the web than it has been in recent decades. Well, as I was saying, I want to teach you the Markdown language. Let's see, delete it here. Okay, so I'm going to basically teach you, basically we're going to look at the Markdown language. The Markdown language is very important for things like, for example, artificial intelligence, no less. and GitHub, okay? And publish your code on GitHub. Therefore, you have to learn the Markdown language, but if it's the first one I'm going to teach you, it's precisely because it's the simplest. So don't worry, in the half hour we have left you'll leave here knowing Mark. Okay, so next we're going to create a new file and we're going to start turning on markdown. These are headings. MD point. I come here and say, this is a level one heading. This is a level 2, 3, four and five heading. This is level two, three, four, five and six. This is the maximum. Two, 3, 4, 5 and six. We're going to come back this way. Paren directory. Paren directory. Classification. Exercises. Headings. Okay? And as you can see, it is represented in the form of headers, a bit like Word, let's say. Jonathan is literally the same as HTML. In fact, with this renderer that I have for Markdown format, in fact, if I inspect the browser, you'll see that it's putting it as an H1, literally. Okay? So the important concept, the important concept is level one heading. That concept is multilingual, right? The thing is, how is the level one header implemented in each programming language? Well in HTML it is implemented as H1 and here it is implemented as a hash mark, okay? But that is what the concept is, what matters. Okay, so let's get to work on more Mark 002 stuff. Let's talk about paragraphs and breaks. paragraphs and line breaks pund. So this is a paragraph content, but be careful because this is not another paragraph. So if I now run this file, we can see that it doesn't skip paragraphs. To jump to a new paragraph, you have to press enter twice. So, Sandro, indeed, okay, I'm going to take a short break to talk about what you just said. So, HTML is a language created in 1991. The person who created HTML, I'll tell you later, is called Tim Bernerslee. He created HTML with the intention of making it as simple as possible, but over the years, well, people, especially people who are just starting to learn it, complain that it's difficult to learn. I don't think so. In Hello, tell me. Oh, okay. Back in 2001 2002 the Mark language came out. And what the language tried to do was simplify HTML even further. Therefore, what you are seeing is actually correct. Okay, Mark's aesthetic is simpler. I can't think of anything simpler than Markdown right now, and that's why I like Mark. Throughout the course you will realize that I am a person who values simplicity and straightforwardness above all else. Okay? Good. So from here, from here we have eh of Okay, but what if I want to represent two paragraphs, okay? This is another paragraph, okay? two line breaks. This is another paragraph, but what if I want to put two different lines, well, this is a line point space space and then I say, this is another line. created two spaces and in this way you will see how now with a double space it is a little trick of maown if you want it for whatever you can go down you can force a carriage return we are going to talk next about the emphasis 003 emphasis and to emphasize we can work on the one hand with the text in italics And this represents the text as italic text. Then, below we have the bold text. And this is text. Hey, watch out, what's going on here? Sorry, bold text has to be together. And finally, three asterisks. is bold and italics and three asterisks. By the way, what can I say? Luckily, this first class is about markup language. All the activities you're going to hand in during this course will be handed in in Markup language. So do n't worry, in the end, and I would say even soon, you'll be working in Mark language. You're seeing that it couldn't possibly be simpler. Look, the time has come, my battery is low, so I'm going to activate the charger, so I'm going to take this 30- second micropause and let's see, let's see here. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Wait a minute, I'm fighting with the cable. Okay. And here. Very good. Come on, here we are. Perfect. Okay, let's continue. We have bold and italics. Let's uh create lists. Okay, to create lists we have on the one hand 004 unordered lists and in the unordered lists I have this is an element, this is another element and this is one more element. If I want to make ordered lists, 005, ordered lists, I have to put the number first and then a period. One, two, 3, okay? And this is one more element. If I load the lists, this is an item and this is a numbered item. To put hyperlinks, the great strength of HTML. In HTML, HT is hypertext, right? languages, sorry, oh, hyperlinks in Marki hyperlinks are through this syntax, which is eh link to the Jocarsa website. And now here inside, in parentheses, https 2/johsa.com. If we represent this, we can see how I have a hyperlink and when I click on the hyperlink I go to the Jucarsa website, which is mine. From here we will also upload images. We can load 007 images. So in images the syntax is very similar, right? This is Jocarza's logo. And then I put the image. Instead of putting my logo which is white on the website, I'm going to put this image. Copy image address and I'm going to put an image that is a logo for one of the programs I develop. Okay? So we do it like this. We do it like this, okay? and we have that we can embed an image inside of Markow. Okay? Okay, let's talk about dating. Citations are when you quote content from another author, 008 citations. And we're going to put greater than this is a quote and this is a nested quote. I save, reload and you'll see that the appointments look like this, okay? It's like when you put text that isn't yours, but actually belongs to someone else. In markdown, putting code is easy, right? If I want to add a block of code, which in our case is going to be very frequent, I can do it as inline code. So I say, in HTML there is the tag and I put Accent Vert HTML Accent Vert and it serves to declare the document. What the program does is mark that label in a special way that makes it clear that it is an instruction from a programming language. And if you want to create a code block 010 code block. Next we're going to look at a block in Python and then I put accent, accent, accent, accent, accent, accent and I say print hello world in Python. And if I now run it, you'll see that instead of creating a small inline block of code, what happens is that a full-width block of code is created, right? Which, I insist, is great for us programmers. Finally, lastly, almost last, I'm going to comment on the tables. tables, not separators. Separators. This is a text. Guxo. Gux more. So I reload, go to separators and see how I have the text, the separator, the text and the separator. Okay? And now, now, finally, we're going to talk about tables. Making tables in Mark of the world, especially compared to HTML. And we'll talk about HTML because 012 tables, well I come here and say vertical pipe. The vertical pipe is done with altgr and the number one. And I say eh, column one pipe, column two. And now I put a set of scripts. It's very 80s-like, it's super cool, but now you'll see that it's transformed, okay? To a truth table. This is fact one. I put it there. And here, for example, I could put data two. And okay and I give three and four and five and six. And when I render that table what I see is this. Oh, sorry, careful. Oh, yeah, sure. This is not necessary because it is the column separator, that is, the header separator. Now yes, okay? And you see that it renders it to me as a table. And now he worries, Jonathan, for what we will see in due time regarding the subject of tables, he worries about creating for me the table, the T head, the T body, the TR, the TD, everything else, okay? So, as I say, Markown is, I insist, Markown is our best friend in the sense that with very little effort on our part we can make draws. Indeed, in HTML it is a pain in the ass. I don't know who invented them, but they showed off, but yeah, okay. Markdown is the simplest language you can learn when you need to create a document, and you're going to need it because you'll be submitting your assignments to me in Markdown format, or when the software you develop needs to create a document. This is the way to do it, okay? This is one of the ways, one of the formats available in programming languages, to correctly save information. What doesn't Markdown have? Well, let's see, let's see. No no. Let's see. Sure, you say, it's the format that Linux pages use when someone wants to search for commands, right? What are Linux pages? I don't know if you're referring to the official documentation. Yeah, but what I want to tell you is that there are a ton of Linux pages on the internet and therefore there will be some that do and others that don't. Now, what I'm going to tell you is that one of the things we usually do in computing is document. That is, when you make software, you have to create an instruction document so that people know how to use your program. Well, one of the requirements, one of the most common formats for documenting is precisely the web. A boy has come in, but that boy will come here, won't he? Wait, a boy has come in, but I don't know if he's coming with me. Okay, then that's it. Nothing, basically I'm telling you that the Markdown format, as I say, is a format that we're going to use at a given time for everything. Okay? Now, to finish up these 10 minutes, let's see, these 10 minutes that we have from Mark, what we're going to do next is come up with a little practical exercise, okay? Something that can be useful to us. Let's see for a moment. I'm thinking about making a resume, but we won't make the resume at Mark. We will write the resume in other technologies, such as XML or JSON. Hm. M. No, let's see something that, well, for example, well, look, I don't know, documentation of a program, okay? 013 program documentation. So, I come here and say, uh, the name of the program, I mean, it's a program called jocarsa.til. Okay, so let's see, just a moment. No, no, no, no, no. Ah, okay, very good, very good. No, I'll tell you, I'll tell you. Let's see. Markdown is a language that requires some kind of interpreter or some kind of renderer to display its content. The same thing really happens with HTML. HTML is a markup language, but HTML requires a web browser to convert the HTML into something content. So what happens? There are different types of viewers for viewing documents, eh, for viewing Markdown documents, but in this specific case, what I have is a browser extension, a Chrome extension that is for viewing Markdown files. So what happens? Well, what happens is that, of course, since I'm ultimately viewing Mark through a web browser, the web browser, the add-on, is transforming it into HTML language. But I do n't want this to be understood as meaning that all Markup will always be converted to HTML because that's not the case. This is only happening in this case, in this particular viewer because I'm using web technologies, right? So that's why, okay? But throughout the course we will look at other Markdown viewers and you will see that they do not necessarily have to convert. So, for example, I'm going to put an introduction here and then I'll put server requirements here and then I'll put an example of using the program here. And then I say, for example, Jocar Satil is an application that can be used to create interactive business applications. allows us to create applications, create control panels, control our data. Server requirements to install this application we must one, not necessarily, not necessarily, I can recommend it to you, okay? But just open Google and put Markdown Bware, okay? Mark Viewer and from there use whichever you want. So to install this application we must, uh, one, have a server, two, use PHP, uh, three, use MySQL and then, for example, here an example of how to use the program. Here's an example of how to use it, okay? And then pluo, pluco, sample code in markdown and that's it. Okay, so I save this little file. Next I come over here and I have this, okay? I have a document that has headings, that has unordered lists, that has ordered lists, that has a code block and whatever we want, okay? So, Sony 53. Now, we'll jump into the next subject, which is, I don't remember, I think it's programming, so for today we've actually done programming and then databases. Phenomenal. Okay? Hey, for today we've done a first introduction to markup languages. We'll continue on Monday, going deeper, and, well, you know that over the next few days, I'll comment on it later in the afternoon, and I'll also comment on it by email, so, I'll send it to you through the forms you filled out, okay? Confirm that you've filled out the survey I sent you a couple of days ago regarding hobbies and all that, and I'll send you personalized ones for you to do regarding the two subunits we saw today. I mean, I mean, if any of you guys tell me, okay? If any of you tell me, for example, compress, okay? Okay. For example, I come here, now I open GPT chat here and I say, where are you? Hello. created. Oysters! Now and here. Okay, I'll take an artificial intelligence and say, based on this characterization of markup languages, give an example or give an exercise for the students regarding feature films. If any of you have told me that you like feature films, with which, with which exercise, then create an XML document where you represent the title of the film, the year of release, the director and if someone, Of course, this is the result, okay? I don't want him to take this out, okay? But hey, if someone tells me movies, well, the exercise will be about movies. If someone says football, then the exercise will say about football, okay? I will give each of you an exercise that I have thought of according to the form that you have already filled out. Okay? Well, let's take a 5-minute break. M.