option. Finishing off this graphics library a bit, for example by putting the legend, okay?, in each of the countries, that is, okay, when I hover the mouse over it, it tells me the value, which is super cool, but let's see, uh, just a moment. Okay, perfect. Now I would like. to add static legends to P slices eh and independently to eh tool tips. I mean, I like toolti tipps, okay? But I also want to add a series of legends so that at least this makes a little sense here. By the way, I should also include the titles of the graphs, that is, what does each graph represent? Well, let's do it now. And the idea is a bit like that, isn't it? The idea is what I'm telling you, that the issue is not this, it's a bit like what we were talking about before in multimedia programming. The idea isn't to make a video game, it's to make a video game engine, okay? It's the same here. The idea is not to make a graph, but to make a library of graphs. It's about working on designing components, because you know Friday is coming and we're going to need components in business management systems. And if we're going to start creating reports, if we're going to start creating charts, we're going to need those components ready to be able to use them. Well, the idea is a bit like this, right? Today, in interfaces, we're creating graphics, in data mining, we're creating data components, and all of this seems pointless. Then, I insist, business management systems will come, and in business management systems, just as we saw last week, it will be very useful for us to have developed those components so we can use them. Okay, so I'll come here for a moment. This over here. This over here. Okay, just a second. I was doing this over here. Let's see. Okay, so we have this over here. Let's go to 020 legends in the slices, the parts, okay? And from here we'll see it. Legends in the parts. Okay. Okay. Correct. Good. It is a bit overprinted, but well, it is basically expected. And then the tool tip, okay? Then we can make the text smaller or customizable or who knows, okay? Or whatever we want. Okay, this over here, this over here. And now, as I was saying, I think I would add one more thing, which is a title, okay? Because of course, what exactly does this correspond to would be interesting, it would be interesting if I now came here 021, title of the graph and for example label. Ah, no. Uh, data. Wait. Data because this is a label. Okay. Okay. Oh, which would be necessary for me. It doesn't matter because we'll be able to do it without any problem, but I would need it. Well, you know what? Not really, not really, not really, because the title is countries, cities, programming languages. Routes, okay? Which means countries, cities, programming languages and fruits. Okay? So now what I want is to modify this and with this we are already focusing on the end of the class, but calmly. Eh, please eh, let's see chart title ability to eh to the software. Okay. Of course, from here, as you can imagine, we can create as many graphs as necessary. I mean, if while this is cooking, if I come here and say, well, chart eh types, well, look, okay? See if there is anything here to do, from the basics, where today, for example, in this class we have done the foot and the bar to columns, lines, which we could have also done in a simple way, donuts, which is a foot, but with a circle in the middle, Babel charge, radar or spider web, scatter, comparison tables, okay? Googes that I love, okay? I love those and we can do them in a very simple way and then obviously more advanced graphics. So the idea of ​​today's class, as I said, is to give you a little bit of an idea that we can't just make one or two or three different types of graphs, but that we can make as many as we want. Let's wait a moment for this to end. Okay. and 022 and title of the graph. And now we come here and try. And okay, for example, that's great. An important note is that from the point of view of interaction with artificial intelligence, well, there is one, that is, the idea, as you can see, is that we always begin to develop the base so that once we have developed the base and once we have pointed out where the project is going, we can tell the AI, "Okay, now make variations, make modifications." A slightly more advanced level is to give him samples of how we program and say, "Develop it for me, but do it my way." Okay? So that? So that everything we do, obviously, we can understand it and we can modify it and, ultimately, we don't feel like we programmed it, which doesn't matter. I mean, obviously the highest part, the most complete part has been done by Chat GPT, there's no problem with that, but we can then get our hands on the code and Chat GPT doesn't do something that's super cool, but then when we put it in the code we say, "Wow, what is this, okay? Or yeah, I recognize what it is, but this style is not my style, so it's hard for me to get used to this style, okay? But anyway, so, that's all for today because of what's going on, okay? And besides, as I'm telling you, the power went out in the neighborhood, so I think we're 10 minutes away from the power going out here in the building. So we'll continue on Thursday, you know, with data access and with processes and services and then, as you know, we'll continue on Friday with the intermodular project and with uh business management systems. Uh, you know, you know what I was saying before, that we'll hit the ground running, the starting gun for, okay? The evaluation, so, from here on you know that by clicking here, right? Right here, no, where, okay? By clicking here, you will find the subjects you are enrolled in and you will find suggested exercises, so then you can start developing. If you have any questions, of course, ask me, but come on, I mean, don't worry, just by following the evaluation rubric you will see that the first exercise will be difficult, but do n't worry because from there the next and the next and the next exercise you will see that they are always the same because the rubric is the same and I'm telling you, I mean, the idea is uh that you include a bit of literature, but that by including literature it serves to demonstrate that you know about the subject and then obviously, well, we will talk in a few weeks, just like last year, do you remember how to convert what you are doing into social media posts for You guys? I mean, you can turn your own practices into your own portfolio, so you can sell your companies, let's say, okay? So, well, we'll continue. We'll continue on Thursday and that's it. I'll upload the videos later, and if you need anything else, just let me know, okay? Okay, guys, it's up to you now. M.