Well, in this subject today, in today's session, I'm going to tell you something very curious that's going to shock you quite a bit, which is the following. Let's go to development environments. We're going to go to unit two on installing and using development environments and we're going to install a development environment where we're going to install Visual Studio, to which you might say, "But wait a second, but last week I was saying that you won't use Visual Studio and now in this development environments course I'm telling you to use Visual Studio." So what is the truth? Well, this is like the hat game. The programming teacher tells you, "Don't use Visual Studio and focus on the code," and the development environments teacher tells you to use Visual Studio, which is a development environment. Okay, Sandro, what was Visual Studio? Let's start there. Okay, so what is a development environment? Let's see. new file 001 and from here on development environments. By development environment we can understand several things. First of all, it is the machine, it is the computer system in which we are going to develop our software. So what is meant by a computer system? Computer system is the sum of the hardware, that is, what does your computer have? in which you are going to develop code. It is understood as the Windows, Mac or Linux operating system and is understood as the application with which you are going to edit code. Regarding hardware, obviously the better your computer is, the faster you'll compile, not program, because programming depends on you and your fingers, right? But the faster you compile, the more memory you'll have for your programs and the faster they'll run, right? Programming does not require a particularly powerful computer. In 2025, I would say the minimum is an octa-core processor with 8GB of RAM and that's it. and a hard drive of at least 250 GB. Okay, those are the minimums to be able to program from there, and to work comfortably, let's say, from there, the more the better. As for the operating system, you can develop comfortably on Windows, MacOS or Linux, but you cannot develop or it is very uncomfortable on Android or iOS. They are mobile operating systems designed primarily for consuming applications, but not for creating applications. Are there any exceptions? But we are talking more about the exception than the rule. So, as far as the operating system goes, use the one you like best, okay? And my recommendation, obviously, over time will be to try them all, okay? Use all operating systems. And finally, we come to the application to make code. What applications are there for making code? There are countless applications and we are going to see what are the characteristic features of the editors. First, they colorize the code to make it easier for you to program and find errors. Two, compile the code. They compile slash, interpret slash, and execute the code to, I insist, make it simpler. Now you will see it clearly. three eh have aids and complements. Four have project view, okay? And we could say that these four characteristics are the main ones. But what does this mean? How do we perceive these characteristics in practice? There are multiple development environments 001 Visual Studio MD installation. The most common one today is Visual Studio Code, whether I like it or not, okay? But I actually don't like it, but okay, that's how we're going to get into Visual Studio Code installation first here. First we go to the website code.visualstudio.com. When you enter Visual Studio you will see a download button, right? In my case, since I'm on Linux, it tells me to download for Linux. If you are on Windows, it will tell you to download for Windows. And those of you on a Mac can download it on a Mac. So I click, I download it for, in my case, Linux, I download it, for example, the desktop. Okay? And then wait for me to understand. I'm going to close this. Keep. I 'm going to close this. I'm going to close this. Esto lo voy a Esto, ¿qué es? Ah, yes, licenses. Close and that's it. Okay. Okay. Once we have downloaded it, once it is downloaded, we run the installer. In my case, wait, there are still a lot more windows open out there. Okay, in my case, wait, there are thousands of tabs open. Let's see. Okay, come on, here for example. Okay, I'm going to the desktop, I have Visual Studio Code. I'm going to, in my case, open it with the application center. Ok, I think I already had it installed last year. Never mind, I'll reinstall it. Yes. Okay, I'll enter the password and see what screens I find. The typical, I suppose, welcome screen, of Well, you can imagine all that. Okay, once it's installed, once it's installed, then we open it up and I put Visual Studio. You see? I already had one before. I'm going to open this one and it opens here. And look, this is the one I already had from last time. This is from some other show, right? This is last year. Okay, so I'll close here. Let's see. Visual Studio. Could this be it? I just want to try to open it. Let it open as much as possible, no. Okay, so now we're going to uninstall it to try to make it appear the same way it would for you. Okay, let's see. Un to eh un install completely eh Visual Studio Code for installation. A fresh install is an installation that's sort of like the first time, right? That he doesn't remember anything. So let's see. Let's go there. Okay, okay, okay, I'll remove the settings. Okay, I'm telling you that my goal is to install it now, okay? Remove extensions, I think I didn't have any extensions, but now we see them. We clean premises. What I'm doing is Linux operating system management. It's a different story, I'll tell you about it. And we clean. Okay. Which code will tell me none. Hosts. Okay, well, wait a second, I'm going to tell you that it looks like there's something left. Ah, snap, snap, snap, snap, snap. Okay, okay, okay. Now yes, now yes. Okay, come on, now I'm going to install it. I'm going to install it with the goal of Hello, where are you? with the aim of showing it to you in the most similar way to how it comes out to you. Install here, password here. And what is Visual Studio? Well, Visual Studio is a development environment from the point of view of a code editing application. I mean, we've already seen that a development environment is many things, but Visual Studio is specifically the software editing part, right? This is Visual Studio. Very good. Now yes, this is the first screen we see. Right off the bat, okay? And we're going to see basic use of the development environment. Let's go to 001 usobásico.md. Okay. And eh first start. First, let's say if we want copilot, okay? We run copilot assistant. The use, the help from artificial intelligence to program, well, it's not part of the basic core of a development environment, but in this case, it is, okay? So setup copilot, I want to continue either with GitHub or with Google, okay? I log in either with GitHub or Google, either one. We continue with Jithaub. Okay, we're logged in. Let's open Visual Studio, okay? And I now have the ability to program using artificial intelligence, okay? And we mark, we mark as done. Okay. Now, next I want to start, I want to start working, so for that I'm going to create a new file. Wait until I take this off, okay? And let's see, we create a new file, in this case Python. Para ello, para ello quiero un new file y se va a llamar primera prueba. Python new file. I hit enter. Where am I going to store it? Well, I'm going to save it, for example, on the desktop, okay? I make a file called first test. Python. Okay, I create a file called first test. Python and now next what I'm going to do is print world. Okay, so now that I've done a print hello world, what I want to do next is run it. to run it. We'll see that here, look, at the moment it detects that I'm creating a Python file, at the bottom right it tells me, "Hey, since you're using Python, do you want me to install Python for Visual Studio?" Okay, install the Python interpreter for Visual Studio. And I say, man, well yes, well okay, come on. So I get a bunch of extensions. Extensions are extensions to the functionality of the development environment. They are add-ons, plugins, that is, additions, right? Added features. And now I continue telling me that it's done, okay? He tells me it's done. I go to the first test and then a play button will appear. The play button appears play button. The play button allows me to do so. Click and hello world appears below, which means that the development environment makes it easier for you to do tasks such as writing and running code. No, I have to open a terminal, go to the folder, put Python 3, the file name, right? Here I press the play button and it automatically compiles it and I have a terminal and it shows me the result and everything. Fantastic. From the perspective of development environments, as a development environment teacher, I tell you it's super cool. From a programming point of view, no. What I want is for you to get used to compiling your own applications. Okay, I'm going to make a mistake. I'm going to make a mistake. I'm going to remove a quote here, okay? And here I'm going to say print for a moment. This is another line. Okay? If you notice, development environments have tools that allow us to locate errors. If I make a syntax error, before I run it, it marks it in red, just like Word, let's say. Okay, I have tools for uh syntax error detection. I'm now trying to run it and it says, "No, no, there's an error." Okay, but I come here, right click, moment. Take out, take out, take out. Here, okay? Fix. Y le puedo decir, "Arréglamelo." And he fixes it for me. And it's incredible. Okay, explain to me where I went wrong, fix it, accept it and that's it. It allows you to fix the code even with, well, that's it, with artificial intelligence. Very good. Well, I also have the most important thing, which is the project view. I can open folder and in open folder I can open DAM 2526. Hey, do you want to save? Yes. Okay, so it opens up for me, well, yes, there, after okay, it opens up for me, the same thing I have here, really, this is very important to me, okay? Having the project view on the left and being able to know where I am at all times, okay? So, for me, this is the most important thing for any editor to have. It allows you to have a view on the left or wherever, that's really the least of it, with a project structure. Very good. From there, from there, uh, what does Visual Studio do? It makes our lives easier. As a development environment teacher, why do I have to tell you to use Visual Studio? Because development environments are all about making you work comfortably. But as programming teachers, I'll tell you, use Visual Studio if you want, but don't get too used to it, okay? Don't let Visual Studio do the work for you in such a way that at some point you don't know how to do the work because Visual Studio is doing it, okay? you have to know how to do the job. Plus, development environments can be customized, right? So I see myself, for example, here exercises 001, new file and customization point MD. And from here, Visual Studio appears in dark mode, which you guys love because it looks very hacker-like and very cool and very techy and all that, and well, it's not bad. I mean, in the end it doesn't matter if you write dark code or light code, what matters is that you write code that works, the color of the code doesn't matter. Development environments allow for customization, so I'm going to go to file, I'm going to go to preferences, and within preferences I'm going to go to, for example, Thims, and one thing I can do is change the theme color. So here we go. Moment, customization, for example, changing the theme color so you can work more comfortably. Preferences, themes. Color theme, well we have the light theme. Oh, wait now. Okay. Femesims, no, wait. Come on, go on. Okay, we have the light theme, we have the quiet theme, okay? We have the solarized theme. Oh, sorry, not this. [Music] Okay, we have the theme, the abyss, we have the dark theme, dark, okay? Gris, we've got the topic, okay? Dark Plus, okay, we have the monokai theme, okay? Okay. Well, we can change the color or the pattern of the background colors. In fact, in this micro development environment that I'm using, because what I'm using in the end is still a development environment, but a Spartan one, okay? But at least, if I come here, I go to preferences and I think that in fonts and colors, I could change it. Un momento, estaba por ahí. Ah, here. Okay. Classic, cobalt, Kate, okay? Whatever, there are a lot of themes that can be changed, but I always work with the default one because I personally don't care about the development environment, what I value is the code. Okay? More things. What else can I change? Well, if for example we are going to see it here, we are going to create a new file. I don't want to open there. Open editors, no, but I want open folder. Look, file, open, file itself. Okay, I'm going to desktop, I'm going to the first test and eh opening open. Okay, another thing I can do is increase the text size, increase the text size. Or I press control plus the plus key and control plus the minus key to zoom in on the entire interface or to zoom out on the entire interface. Okay, another thing I can do in preferences in settings, let's see, is in text editor change the font color, okay? So, font size, for example 24 here, okay, I go out and as you can see now the code is bigger, okay? Or code to the beast, you know? Front, code 48. I 'm doing it really hard so you can see it. Well, I can change, not only can I change the size of the entire interface, but I can also change the font and font size of the specific editor. What does it give us? Hey, what does Visual Studio give us? Well, what Visual Studio gives us, as you can see, are tools, I insist, theoretically to make working more comfortable. Okay, me too, pay attention, right? Oh, come on, go on. I don't recommend it, eh, how would I put it? Don't get too deep into Visual Studio or you might get lost. and you can distract yourself from what's important. And the important thing is to learn the code. A development environment should be easy to learn code in. The moment a development environment becomes a distraction, that's when we start to run into problems. Okay? Good. And now next, And now next what I'm going to do is, well, on the one hand, edit programs. So everything we're doing up to this point, we can do it within Visual Studio. This means that I can come here and I can go to development environments and I can go to installation and I can go to program editing and I can go to exercises, right? And I can here. Hello hello. Click, click. A moment that has been fried. I'm going to drink in the meantime. Well, it's fried, but fried, fried, fried, fried. Now, now. But don't believe it yourself either. Let's see.