Okay, we're starting the programming course, but before we get into the nitty-gritty of programming, let's talk a little bit about the topic of evaluation. I think I'm going to give you some good news in this regard, but we'll see. Good. Hey, what was I going to tell you? Uh, no documents. Ah, no, I have to clone. Okay, let's go with the documents. Let's go, shall we? And I go to documents. Everything I'm going to tell you and everything I 'm going to write is going to be public documents, okay? So, I mean you can check them at any time. So, let's talk about evaluation criteria. pund evaluation criteria Obviously, well, let's see that the professional modules are structured into units and subunits. This means that there will be an exercise at the end, not of each day or each week, but at the end of each unit and there will be an exercise at the end of each subunit. This means that, for example, okay, calculation in, I don't know, in databases, for example, let's see, we give databases first. There are seven, for example, in databases there are seven teaching units. If in each unit there are about six If in each unit there are six subunits, then there will be seven unit exercises and there will be 7 * 6 which is equal to I don't know. 7 * 6 42 subunit exercises. Obviously, obviously the subunit exercises are simple, but not because I say so, but because that's what they cover, okay? They cover little content and there will obviously also be seven unit exercises. Wait a minute. Yes. Hello. What's up? Yes. Oh, okay, I don't remember, but I have it written down. Yes, okay, okay. Wait a moment, just a moment, just a moment, because of course, I'm seeing that I don't have you on WhatsApp and therefore I don't have her saved on WhatsApp. Okay, no problem. I think the password is eh tame all caps a 2 3 Yes, you have it in front of you. Oh, okay, okay. Yes. And then dollar. Yeah, but just in case you brought it with you. I'm pretty convinced I put that one in. Try it. And if not, Yes, yes, yes. Correct. No, no, no, no. Enter that password and you'll see how you get right in. Okay, come on. Thank you. Until now. Okay, so the subunit exercises will be pretty straightforward. The unit exercises will have an intermediate complexity and then there will be quarterly exams where, for example, okay, for a simple matter of logic, if in the databases there are six teaching units and there are three quarters, three assessments, then they will come out to about two teaching units per quarter, right? Therefore, since you will be taking the exam with two teaching units, the exam will be somewhat more complex. And this is what is going to happen now. There won't be any theory in each exercise, okay? There is no theory exam. All exams are practice tests. All exams are about writing code. And how will the code be written? Well, you will write the code based on the information rubric, the evaluation rubric. You have to write down the answers. We will do drills. Calm down, calm down. to exams or evaluations based on the evaluation rubric. And the evaluation rubric, well, you already know that it's the one that tells us to first explain the general concept, then do a development and give some code examples. Then put your source code there in a big way and then give a brief conclusion about what we learned in that exercise, okay? So that's what's going to happen in the evaluation to understand what I've done up to this point. Well, for example, if we were in markup languages ​​and we've seen a piece of classification, then I'll take everything we've done here and do an exercise. I'll take everything we've done in 002 and do an exercise. We haven't reached 003 yet, but when we get to 003, an exercise will be derived from 003, okay? And therefore, you will have an exercise for each one, for each one is here, for each teaching unit, for each teaching subunit and, of course, then you will have the evaluation in the exam, okay? Just like in previous years, anyone who knows me from previous years, the only secret to testing this cycle is writing code, right? It is doing the exercises. If you do the exercises, you're sure to pass the exam, okay? If you do all the unit and subunit exercises I 'll be sending, you don't have to worry about the exam, because you'll definitely pass it. Anyone who doesn't do the unit exercises and their teaching units, well, I can assure you with a fairly high level of certainty that that person won't be prepared to pass the exam, okay? So, you'll probably receive the link this weekend and be able to access the markup language subunit exercises 001: classification and 002: characteristics. And next week we'll continue with markup languages ​​with 003, 004, 005, 006. And when we've covered all the subunits of a teaching unit, I'll give you the exercise corresponding to that unit. Before, it 's obviously impossible, okay? So that's it, just with markup languages. This weekend you will have a couple of exercises to do. That said, let's get into the subject of programming. In the subject of markup languages, well, in the end you'll see that the markup language, as much as I like Markup, but the king of markup languages ​​is HTML. There is no other alternative to making web pages. In programming things are different because there are many programming languages ​​that we can use at any given time. So what I usually do in this case every year is go to the Tob index and see which programming languages ​​are the most popular. And we see that currently with 25% almost 26% popularity we have Python. Then we have C++ and C, then Java, then C#ARP, right? And then other languages. What languages ​​are we going to learn in this order? Let's learn Python first. Python has to be clear and then C++ C Java as time goes on. By the way, we'll learn JavaScript in markup languages, okay? But in this case I am referring to the subject of programming. This is Python. So, as you can imagine, this is the reason to learn Python. That is why the programming language of choice for this subject has to be Python. Then we also have C++ and C, right? Java doesn't because it's in decline, so we can't learn a language that's in decline. Okay, so for that, first of all, we're going to start with the programming language, and for that, first of all, in terms of structure and building blocks, we're going to look at how to get started with Python. To do this, I recommend that you first go to momentín, where are you? Here you go to, uh, sorry, python.org and on python.org ORG, you download the latest Python that's available right now, whatever it is, I don't care. In this case, I'm seeing how in the downloads section, we'll see that we have Python 3137 as of today. Okay, you can download it now. You can download it now. So, once you've finished downloading it, you can then install it directly. Careful, wait a moment, I'm going to make a note of something. Go downloading it. Okay, just a moment. Hey, python download pun MD. Okay, the download website is https/python.org, okay? what is that website there, downloads. And there you go to download the latest version that is available at that time for your operating system, obviously. Now, important caution, Sandro, when you start the installation in Windows, check the box to add to the Windows AP, okay? That is very important. On Windows only, it asks you on the first installation screen and also check install for all users, okay? That's not going to hurt anyone. So make sure, make sure you check these two options. Once you have it installed, wait for it to finish installing and all that. Yes, but no. You think you have one user, but there are always more on your Windows machine. There is some guest user. Just in case, mark them all. Okay? So, the idea is that once you have it installed, you'll see that you'll press the start button in the start menu and look for a program called IDL. When you search after you've installed Python, of course, when you search for the program called Idle, you'll find this cross here, this cross that I'm showing, and that will give us access to open the Python code editor. Okay? So, I'm going to open it up and what we're seeing is the Python shell. And the Python shell allows us to start new programs. It's like a kind of interpreter. Everything we do inside Python will end up being executed here inside. Once you open the Python shell later on, I think I mentioned this in the previous lesson, I'll tell you that you can use any ID you want, okay? You can use any development environment you want. I'm going to use Idel simply because it 's the default one, it's the one Python recommends. But a typical question from these first sessions is, hey, can I use Microsoft's Visual Studio Code? Yes, you can use it. You can use whatever you want, okay? I use Idle simply because it's the default, okay? And now what I'm going to do next is I'm going to press file new file, okay? I run file new file to create a new file. A window opens with a new file. And before I do anything else, what I'm going to do is I'm going to save it. Where am I going to store it? Well, that's the question, okay? Hey, I'm going to recommend that from now on you start creating a folder structure with everything we're going to do in the cycle. And obviously I recommend that you use the same structure as me. The structure I use is the structure given by the cycle regulations, which doesn't mean anything. That is, we can modify this structure, we can customize it to our liking, but if the training cycle regulations indicate that syllabus, then I create this folder structure, okay? Ultimately, each of you, uh, create the folder structure you want, but it's not a bad idea to use the same structure as the cycle, okay? Seivas, I'm going to I'm going to bar, I'm going to W. HTML Dam. First programming, structure identification, exercises. Okay. And here I'm going to save 001 output. exit point python and here inside, well, I'm going to make the font size bigger so you can see me better. Okay, now I see and here inside, inside this file, I'm going to simply write print hello world from Python. And this is our first Python program. As with Mark, it's impossible to make a simpler program than this. One of the main reasons why Python has become the most popular language is precisely because of its simplicity, right? It is precisely because of its ease. So now I come over here and then I save and then, attention everyone, then I run module, that is, I run the program. Yes, it also has its possibilities, but believe me, before its possibilities, which it has and many, it is because of its simplicity, okay? Because it's one of the very few programs that you programming languages ​​where you open a blank document, write a line and that's it. And that's a program. So I go to Roun, I go to Roun Module and in the interpreter, okay? This is the code you execute and this is the result of the execution of your code. And obviously in our case what happens is that it tells us, if you told me to print Hello World from Python, in the console, in the interpreter, I print Hello World from Python. Okay, this was clear. We have worked with exits. An output is when you make a computer program that writes something to the screen, right? That's why it's called an exit because it comes out towards you. Let's talk about how we also have inputs in Python. What is an entry? 002 Python input. By the way, I think you've noticed that every time I write code, I name it sequentially. 001 002 003. Okay, my recommendation is that you do the same, because if you write new files sequentially, you're creating a kind of code library, but if you're constantly hammering and hammering and hammering the same file, at the end of the afternoon you only have the latest version, but you don't have everything that came before. So, basically, one piece of advice I'm going to give you quite a few times in this course is to do the same thing as I do. and that's it. Okay, if you see that I do something, you see that I came here and in my case, obviously I already had the folder structure created, you create the folder structure. If you see me making sequential files, you make sequential files, okay? Whatever you see me do, you do the same, to the extent that you can. Clear. Okay, let's talk about inputs, and if print is the main command for input, input is the command, sorry, for outputs, I meant. Input is the command to make inputs. Enter your name. While print introduces an output. Now I'm going to ask you your name. Input sets an input. Print. And now, now I know your name, so I save. Surcharge. Now I'm going to ask you your name. Enter your name. José Vicente. Now I know your name. Okay, this is a way out. This requires an entry from me as a human being. And this is already a new departure. So in this way, so in this way we can now start writing small programs. Let's look at a very interesting resource within Python, which is doc string comments. It is generally a very good habit when we start a program to put quotes, quotes, quotes, quotes, quotes, quotes. Not like the open quotes from before in markup languages, right? These are simple quotes, typical quotes and typical classes of a lifetime. And I say, this is a doc string comment and you can put as many lines as you want. If I run, if I save and run, nothing's going to happen because a comment is just a block of text that a human being can detect, right? that a human being can read. The machine completely ignores the comment, it does not interpret it only for humans. There are also 004 one-line punpython comments. And now what I'm going to do next is put a hash mark and with the hash mark I'm going to put this is a one-line comment and that's it. Okay, then, well, I run, by the way, okay? I run it and we can check how the content appears. Okay, next, next we're going to talk to finish this first block about what structure a perfect program, a beautiful program, should have. So for that I'm going to 005 structure of any program, recommended structure of any program. Python when I start a program I do this and I do this. Wait a moment. I'm going to write, I'm going to write a Markdown format and this out. Okay. Recommended structure of pund programs. So when we write a program first at the very top, we need to create a doc string. A doc string is a description of the program's title, author, and a brief summary of what it does. This is going to be the title of H1. Essential parts of a program. And this is H2. Done. Oh, okay. Hey, this is this and this is this. Imports will come next. We import the necessary libraries or import existing code. in other files. Often a software project is not composed of a single code file, but rather there are several files that are composed of each other. Once we have done this, we will have the declaration of global variables or parameters, to which you will say, what is a variable? Well, notice that subunit two is variable, okay? So now I will explain what a variable is and how to create variables. Its scope will be global within the entire program. It's too early to talk about what the scope is right now, but I'll tell you. Once we have declared variables, we now declare all the functions or classes that the program uses. Once again I'm going to put function classes. This is this and this is global variables. And this is level two. And this is level two. Okay, let's create the necessary classes and functions. I know you're probably saying, "But what is a class and what is a function?" Well, we're not there yet. We're half an hour into our first day of class. I'm just writing this down and I'll teach you everything during the course, obviously. Good. And finally, the main method or function, which is the execution point from which the program starts. And this is what we are going to do. This is the essential structure that a program should have later on. When you know more, you will obviously skip this scheme. When you are an expert, you take this scheme and do with it what you want. But when you do n't know how to create programs yet and you say, "Wow, where do I start now and what parts should my program have?" Well, these are the parts that a program should have. Once this is said, from there we are going to start working with the specific elements of the programming language and therefore now next we are going to go to the second teaching subunit called variables. Once again, once again, once again. Okay, when the time comes, when the time comes, when the time comes, I'll go to programming, structure and fundamental blocks, compress desktop. I'm going to go for artificial intelligence. and I'll say, put an exercise for my students on the contents of this compressed file. But the exercise has to be about football, okay? If any of you have told me that your hobby is football, I don't know. No, let's see, just a moment. No, we haven't seen any variables yet, we've only seen what you have in the compressed file. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. It's that later I'm not going to use GPT chat, that is, later I'm going to use another Chinese artificial intelligence called Quen. So, I'm just doing a conceptual proof so you guys can understand what's going to happen later, okay? But yes, but you really need to specify a little more, okay? And for example, for example, do an exercise that shows a welcome message to the match on the screen, that writes the names of the two teams facing each other, that directly shows the score of the goals and that writes a final message with the final phrase of the match, thank you for attending. Okay, so you can use that and the student only has to use the print command to do this exercise, okay? things like this. This exercise, for example, this type of exercise is what we will find at the end of didactic safety number one, which is the fundamental block structure. And so it's an exercise that you'll have to solve and that you have to hand in and all that. Okay, let's continue. Let's continue and in the next units, stay calm because we'll do simulations and I'll show you how to fill out the code, okay? and all that and hello. Yes, no, I've already prepared it. Yes, yes, yes, yes. What's up? I know, I know, I know, I know. It's my thing. It's my thing. As soon as I can, between today and tomorrow I will activate it for you. Yes, okay. To you so far. Let's see, Jonathan. Uh, let's see, uh, today's classes, uh, end at 7, okay? Today's events can be viewed starting at 8, eh, I don't know. I mean, I mean, this is the same as last year. So, I'm going to show you how I do things. I really don't think so after 8, okay? Because I think it will cost YouTube a bit to encode the video and above all, now as soon as you finish, I mean, I 'm with you here now in markup languages, programming and databases, but then the second ones come next with access to data and processes and services, okay? So what I'm going to do is this. Okay, just a moment and Darío, okay? And okay, okay, okay, perfect, perfect. Dario, you are welcome. Okay, I have places here, I'm in an office, okay? And here I have places for whoever wants to come and if a lot of you come, well, we'll move to a classroom and there's no problem, there are classrooms here too. Yes, the code, yes, correct. But effectively the code, that is, as I write, effectively I am going to do it like this. Where? Here. I'm going to do it like this. Well, documents or I upload the evaluation criteria now and indeed, but clearly, I'm going to do here on 25-26 and everything I've written, I'll commit and push and you automatically have it. So, that's it, of course. So, then I come here, I go to Tame and then, of course, I'll enter Tame's YouTube channel and I'll do the whole process. I'm going to get it, where are you? Here I'm going to take the personal folder. I'm going to grab the last video, okay? What is this one here? Careful, not this one, I mean, not this one below, because it's the current video, but I'm going to take the previous one and upload it, okay? and I take it and upload it. But of course, the point is that I then take the video, add it to it, and watch for a moment. Well, I add it to DAM 1 markup languages, it 's not made for kids, one two 3 and hidden and that's it. Okay? And it's simply that, it's simply from then on the time it takes YouTube to encode it. Yes, yes, that's what I'm telling you, I mean, what I want to tell you is that I don't have precise control over that encoding process and there are times when I find that a half-hour video is encoded in the next half hour and there are other times when I find that it takes until the next day. So, that's why I'm telling you that just like GitHub, I can guarantee that you can hit commit and you're done, but YouTube, unfortunately, can't. By the way, today I have this and here, ah, okay. Now at the beginning of databases I will take a short break to help Alicia and Pilar get into English. In fact, in fact, we might have to, well, or I move Alicia, I don't know, I'll see. But okay, of course, I move when I ca n't move. Let's see, now, well, now I'll see. Now I might have to send an email to the students because we both co-ordinate here and we can't use the same room, okay? But hey, no problem, we're doing fine now. The thing, the thing, uh, we were in Python, okay? And now we're going to start working with variables. To do this, I'm going to create a new file and let's see exactly what a variable is. I come this way and now I'm going to save this. I have to go back to the folder. variables. Okay, so what is a variable? A variable is a container of information. So I, for example, come and say age equals 47 and that's a variable. If I now want to print the result, okay? It doesn't give me any results, I say print age and we see how on the one hand I declare the variable and on the other hand I print the value of the variable. I can create as many variables as I want. For example, eh several variables punh age equals 47, name equals José Vicente. And then here when I print I can chain. My age is print age. print. My name is print name. We execute. My age is 47 years old. My name is José Vicente. When Ah, to execute the code there are two options. One is to manually go to the run module menu and that's it. Or, as we're seeing here, the hotkey is F5. So, since you're going to do this an incredibly large number of times, many times with F5 we'll finish sooner, okay? And we're going to run the code better. Good. And now, and now next, uh, next what I want, let's see, wait a minute, I'm thinking, okay? Okay. Well, what I want to do is talk a little bit about the rules for declaring variables. So, eh 003 declaration rules punh age is correct. My age is correct. My gu under age is correct, but my space age is not correct. I try to run and get an error. So this is not correct. And my age script is not correct either because the script in Python is used to work with numerical subtraction. Therefore, it is like saying that I am younger and that would also be wrong. I can say age 2 equals 47, but I can't say age 2 equals 47 because that would give an error. Variable names can contain numbers. In fact, look, e2 dad is equal to 47. is also valid. That is, starting from the second character I can put a number, but I cannot put a number immediately after. Good. And and and Okay, okay, we have this over here and then in variables we're going to talk about data types, okay? Data types are a special characteristic of variables that tells us that each variable can have a different type of information. For example, I say name is equal to José Vicente. Uh, age, that's a string variable. Age is equal to 47. It is an integer type variable. Height is equal to 1.78. This is equal to eh a decimal. Ah. Hm. I don't know. Know? Handsome equals true. That's a boolean variable. A boolean variable is a variable that is either true or false, right? It only runs one bit. From here there is the option to convert data types, because, for example, I should not perform numerical operations with things that are not strings. Let's see. 002, implicit data type conversion dot p. I come over here and say, uh, age equals 47, but I'm going to do it wrong, I'm going to do it with a chain. I'm going to say what the type of age is. It's a hello type. Okay, fantastic. Print is of type string. One way I have to convert and convert the data, okay? It's the following. I'm going to print age multiplied by 2, okay? And it says, instead of 47 * 2, it says 47 * 40, that is, 47. What he has done is chain. Chain it, okay? So I'm going to say age equals age multiplied by 1. And now I print print age multiplied by 2. Wow, it tells me the same thing. Okay, let's wait a minute. Age by one. Okay. He tells me the same thing. An implicit conversion of the data should have been made here. Now, there is a much better explicit conversion of the data and then I say age equals intad. I'm telling you age was a string, but now I'm telling you age is an integer. I'll change the data type for you. And now this is treated as multiplication. I execute. Oh, wait. Age multiplied by 2. Ah, age here. Okay. 47. But once I convert it to an integer, it now runs as what it's supposed to run. Okay, so now, next, now next we're going to see, we have data types. Let's talk about literals. The literals, let's see it here. literals string literals dot Python and just tell you this is a literal F5 will tell me OK. Okay, sure, this is a literal. I run it and Python says, "Okay, so what?" That is, a literal is a string that a human enters, a piece of information that a human enters, and we often enter it to title things, print, and so on. That is, it is not wrong for the programmer to introduce literals. We just need to know that the system can then perform operations with literals, numeric literals punh and here I'm going to put 47 F5 and the program says, "Okay, then 47, whatever you want." I mean, but 47, what is it? Is it a variable? Is it an expression? No, at the moment it is a literal, it is a piece of information that, excuse the redundancy, a human being has literally entered and that's it. Okay, sure, eh, with the literals, obviously, now next we'll do things. Let's talk first, before doing things and before doing exercises, let's talk about the vital signs. So 001, constants shouldn't change, but in Python there are no real constants. Okay, sure. Exact. It's literally that. I mean, it's just like you just said. You say 47 to Python and Python says, "Okay, I heard you say 47, but I'm not doing anything right now. Maybe later I'll take your 47 and do something with it." Okay, but it's like Python says, "I'm looking at you, but I'm looking at you." I mean, I'm sticking with what you wrote, but I don't know how to interpret it right now, okay? Which doesn't mean it's wrong, it doesn't mean it 's a mistake. Okay? So, as far as constants go, we've seen that variables can vary. Look, age equals 47. So I say, eh, print I have rise, I have age, years and that's it. F5 I am 47 years old, but now I say age equals 48. I just changed the value of a variable, but nothing happens because that's what it's a variable for and that's it and nothing happens. Now, the value of a variable can be varied. Now, if I say pi, it's a good habit, a good practice to write constants in capital letters, okay? Lowercase variables are lowercase and constants are uppercase. pi is equal to 3.141. Sure, eh, I put print. The value of pi is pi, right? F5. If I want to save the value of pi it is 3.141. Now I come and say pi is ig to 4. mistake. In other programming languages ​​it gives an error. Not in Python. Okay, so it says the value of pi is 4. But of course, what happens? That 4 is not the value of pi, that is, 4 is nothing really. Okay? So here I'm going to put it works, but it shouldn't happen. That is, you should not modify the value of a constant once you have declared it. When you create a program, you basically have to ask yourself whether a piece of data is going to change or not. Whether it will change is a variable. If it's not going to change, it's a constant. Okay, here we go. Let's go there and then we'll go to operators and expressions, okay? And with that we will finish this first part of programming for today's class. We'll take a short break and now we'll continue. Okay, let's go to operators and expressions. There is a lot to discuss here. Operators and expressions, exercises. And I 'm going to start by saying, introducing two arithmetic operators punh and then I say eh print 4 + 3. Arithmetic operators allow us to do addition. 4 + 3 7 print 4 - 3 4 - 3 1 print 4*ado 3 print 4/ 3 and finally print integer module of the division between 4 and 3 which will be 1. The arithmetic operators, which are these characters here, basically what they do is addition, subtraction, multiplication, operations, that's why they are called operators. Next we move on to the comparison operators. So it is true that 4 is less than 3. It is not true, it is false. It is true that 4 is less than or equal to 3. It is not true. It is false. It is true that 4 is greater than 3. It is true, it is true. And it is true that 4 is greater than or equal to 3. It is not equal, but it is greater. which is true. Is it true that 4 is exactly the same as 3? It's not true, but it is true that 4 is not the same as 3. It's true. Comparison operators do not perform specific arithmetic operations, but rather perform comparison operations whose result is either true or false. We also have the 003 abbreviated arithmetic operators. So if age equals 47 and I want to add 5 years, there are several ways to express it. One of them is age equals age + 47. That form is valid, but the mathematical operator expressed, that is, sorry, oh, I wanted to add five, right? 47. The abbreviated mathematical operator is age plus equals 5. Below is equal to above. Now I say age equals age - 5. Age minus equals 5. Age equals age multiplied by 5. Age multiplied equals 5. I think you're more or less getting how it works. And age is equal to age divided by 5. Age divided equals 5. We execute. Well, and then we would have to print. Okay, I'm going to print age. Print print. As you can see, as you're seeing, it's obviously the first day, of course it is, okay? But Python almost seems like a toy language, right? It's a language that when you write it's like Markdown, right? The same reason I like Markython. And it's a language that you say, gosh, it's impossible for it to be easier than this. There are many other languages, some of which make it much more difficult, not with bad intentions, there is an explanation for that, but Python is oriented and focused on being the simplest language you can imagine. Okay, let's see more operators. So there are other operators that are the boolean punh and these are practically the last ones that I'm going to explain in theory, okay? And now, after this short break, since we've polished up the subunit a bit—no, sorry, unit one—we'll start doing exercises, and I'll also give you a run-through of how the exercises are delivered, okay? This way you can rest assured that the system is designed to make things easy for you, not the other way around, okay? I mean, I'm not going to make your life difficult, I have no need to make it difficult in life. I want you to program, that's all I want. For this, I will make an effort to teach you. You are going to make an effort to learn, and in the effort that I teach you, I will try to make things as easy as I know how. Okay? Then I told you, I told you that eh, I'm going to go this way and say, it's true that it's true that 4 is equal to 4 and that one of the two boolean operators is and and that cu and that 3 is equal to 3, sorry, and that 2 is equal to 2. It's true, but Ah, no, no, no, no, no, calm down, calm down, it has nothing to do with it. Now, now I'll explain it to you later. It makes no difference whether you have Windows, Mac or Linux. You will be able to deliver it exactly the same. The delivery form will be fully compatible with the delivery. You'll see. I'll explain it later. So, eh print. Now, is it true that 4 = 4 and 3 = 3 and 2 = 1? Well, it's not true because 4 = 3. Agreed. 4 = 4. 3 = 3. But it is not true that 2 is equal to 1. Now, is it true that 4 is equal to 4 or that 3 is equal to 3 or that 2 is equal to 1. Yes, it is true because as it is the OR operator, this is true. This is true. Then the whole expression is true. Now I copy and paste. Is it true that 4 is equal to 4, that 3 is equal to 2 or that 2 is equal to 1? It continues to be true because it is true that 4 is equal to 4. And finally, print. Is it true that 4 is equal to 3 or that 3 is equal to 2 or that 2 is equal to 1? It isn't true. Okay, this can't be true anymore, obviously, and so it tells me false. Now the return. Let's take a 10- minute break. I'm going to leave this open, but I'm going to get up. Okay, I 'll be back in 10 minutes. Now, next we're going to do a mock exercise, okay? And you'll see how to develop and submit a course exercise from 0 to 100. Don't worry, you'll see it's easier than it seems. Once you get the hang of it, it's the same mechanics for the entire course, so don't worry, you'll see how cool it is now. Hey, I'll take this opportunity to stop recording.