Now we're going, we 're going to see it, we're going to the intermodular project, okay? The other day we were working with companies in the sector, okay? We were working with the characteristics of the departments, we were looking at, let's see, I don't know if we got to the point of selecting a project, a product or service. No, not yet. Okay. Okay. What do companies need? Okay, they need, they may need this. Okay. How much is this going to cost me? What follow-up will I do? Okay? And how does this affect sustainable development? I have a problem there, apart from what Pilar will tell you about in Fall and in Second in Sustainability, but I have a problem and that is that artificial intelligence consumes a lot of processing, it consumes a lot of electricity. Okay, today, today, as we've already spent a few sessions talking about theory, talking about companies, talking about things that are obviously on the agenda and have to be there, okay? They are interesting, but I want to dedicate today's class to something a little more practical, which is to explain how the technologies we are learning will help us build a project. In the end, what we want is to build at least a dynamic website. So to build a dynamic website, we need to connect between client and server. A few weeks ago, let's see, new document, a few weeks ago, right? And yes, it should be here, but oh well. How odd. I was creating an SVG. Wait a minute because uh Dam I'm going to go to SVG interfaces, right? on desktop SVG [Music] because I don't see it right now. Well, I was making a sort of outline of the technologies we're going to work on in this cycle and in this course. And today's goal is to do a first exercise in which we begin to look at the intermodularity part. Intermodularity means that subjects and modules must be connected to each other. So today we're going to see that we have a subject called markup languages and we have a subject, a professional module actually called programming. But of course, how do these modules run in parallel? What is the meaning of these modules? Well, the idea of these modules is that we can check that one module will eventually feed off the other. So for that, for that we're going to see follow-up in the search for information. Okay, so here I'm going to create a new folder called 010 and I'm going to call it, uh, let's see, intermodular connection. Intermular, no, intermodular. Here I'm going to make a subfolder called basic contents and I'm going to make a subfolder called 101 exercises. And I'm going to tell you over the weeks and months how the subjects are linked to each other, but today I'm going to show you how programming and markup languages ​​are linked. There are many ways, but the simplest one I know is through a program called Flask, a library called Flask. The Flask library first requires that we have done a pip install flask, that is, it requires that we have opened a terminal and that in the terminal we have put those of you who are on Windows pip install flask. If I'm on Linux it's pip 3 install flask. And then he'll say ok, ok, ok. You now have Flashk correctly installed. Okay, first step, open a terminal and install Flask like this. That's necessary so that you can start to function. Next, what we're going to do is 002 start flask and we're going to say that from flask import flask in uppercase and this is in lowercase, which means, but what is Flask? It's a micro web server, right? Flask is a web microserver that allows us to generate HTML from Python. So, if in programming we're looking at Python and in markup languages ​​we're looking at HTML, this is the piece that will help us, one of the pieces, but the most important one that will help us unite the two things. So I say application equals flask and I 'm going to put here name- guaj. You know, I always tell you that if I put something in English, it has to be in English, and if I put something in Spanish, it has to be in Spanish. So now I say app app punro root. Later I will explain that there are routes in a web application. Routes are the different entry points that an application listens to. And then we're going to say deficio or def root, whatever you want. That doesn't matter to me as long as it's in Spanish. And I say ration, I'm going to say root, sorry, what rout? Return. And this is HTML from Flask. And finally, now I start the server. I start the server and then say, if name is equal to main. [Music] In that case I'm going to say that eh application dot run dot run and debug equals true. Okay, what does this mean, let's discuss it line by line. First, I import the Flask library. Second, I create a new application. Now I define what happens in an initial route. The route is bar. The bar is the base route. Now you'll see. And now I start the server. If I run this, now I'm going to close things around here. Okay, this is netbins, okay? This, what is it? That's it. Okay, now I'm going to Dam, I'm going to first, I'm going to intermodular project, I'm going to intermodularity. I go to exercises and open a terminal and say, hey, Python 3 003. Now I start the server and it says, "Don't worry about the red message, because it says, it's a development server." Okay, yeah, I know. So, uh, it says, go into the http/ slash. Wait, in http colon slash slash. Oh. 192 168 or 127 001 5,000. Okay. 127001 2.5,000. Port 5,000. I enter. Hey, no. What happened? What happened? What happened? It has been closed. Ah, no, now yes. I don't know why it was closed. Okay, I'm in. And it says, "This is HTML from Flask. And this, guys and girls, is where the magic begins, right? This is where the first course of the DAM cycle really begins, because this is where we're going to start to see that the subjects are connected and that they all serve a purpose. We're going to do more complex things, okay? So now next I say 004, now I print out actual HTML. Then I come over here and I say, "Okay, actual HTML has HTML tags, okay? So I create an H1. So, I come to the server, I stop Python 3004 and now I reload and I'll see that the text is no longer text, but it's an HTML H1 heading, which means, I'm not saying that what I'm doing is super mega clean, okay? We will see later that this is not the case. Today I'm not interested in it being clean, today I'm interested in it working. And you'll say, "Yeah, but you taught us that an HTML file really isn't just an H1, it should have a series of basic characteristics, okay? No problem, effectively, 004 complete HTML. And instead of doing this, what I'm going to do is a doc string. It can be done, okay? It's a little dirty, but it can be done. And I'm going to put doc type html html HTML head title the usual no Hello, Python and here in the body in the body I'm going to say, if you're seeing this it's because Python is giving it to you. So now I'll execute, stop Python 3 uh Python 3 h5. I'll go to the browser, reload. If you're seeing this it's because Python is giving it to you. So Python up until now has been a really ugly language that allows us to do things. And HTML is a really cool language that allows us to make really cool websites, but those websites don't do anything. Those websites simply show you the website and that's it. Those Websites don't calculate anything. With Flask, we'll be able to begin to unite the two worlds. With Flask, we'll be able to create applications that mix Python with HTML without any problem. I insist, today I'm mixing Python with HTML, programming with markup languages. Later, we'll continue mixing databases and also computer environments and systems. And everything, okay? Because that's why this is the intermodular project, because not only do we have to go through the index planned by the regional government, which of course we do as well, but also one of the objectives of this professional module is to show you the fit between the different professional modules, okay? But not only this, not only this, but 006, I can also add CSS, not only can I bring HTML, but I can come here and I can say style. I create the style tag and I tell it something simple, okay? The paragraph has a red color, that's it. That simple, minimal CSS. So I stop. So Python 3 006. I can also add CSS. I go to the website, reload, and as we see, we're putting CSS, right? To which you'll say, "Okay, okay, I see it, I see that I see that Python, I see that Flask is serving me HTML, but I don't quite understand why, because in the end, I'm basically doing the same thing that I did before with HTML. Okay? Okay, right, if you're thinking that, I understand, but next we're going to see something we can do with Flash and HTML, which we can't do with HTML alone, and that's the following. 007 dynamic content. And now if I come here and say the sum is equal to 4 + 3, you see what nonsense. I come here now and say, if you're seeing this, it's because Python is giving it to you and the result of the sum, this is going to seem silly to you, but I assure you it's not. And the result of the addition is eh quote, quote, quote, more quote, quote, quote, str to chain chain and sum. And then I stop, I execute. Oops, I made a mistake when I wrote Python. I execute, recharge and the sum result is seven and that's it. What did you think? I thought it was great. But you will say, eh, this, this, what is it? This is a seven. Which? I mean, incredible, indeed. I mean, what does this matter? Instead of going through all this hassle, I could have just put the number seven here in HTML, in markup languages, and that's it. Okay? So what I'm going to do next is, uh, and yes, Serena, what a mess. Okay, so today I don't want to mix too many subjects at once, I just want to mix two. and throughout the weeks we will mix more subjects. But what I want to show you is why this is important. So, earlier in language, sorry, in programming we see the for structure. The for structure is used to repeat something many times. And if you remember, we did a for day equals 1, day is less than 31 and day we increase. And he would tell us, today is day one, today is day two, today is day three, today is day four. We looked at it in a Python console, right? This is, I insist, I am referring to programming, control structures, repetition structures, exercises and the for. Okay, today is day X of the month and it came up on the console. Today is the X day of the month. And you would say, well, fine, but in my life, what good is this going to do me? Okay, so now I'm going to make a calendar using Python and HTML. And this is where you're going to start to understand what each thing is going to be useful for. Okay, I'm going to do this. I'm going to do the following. I'm going to say return string and here I'm going to say that string is equal to this. And here I'm going to say that gu, that is, quote, quote, quote. And string is plus equal to quote, quote, quote. Okay, the chain starts here and continues here. But now, but now 009. Now I do a for of days and I say and I say, if I'm in the right place, it seems to me so. for day in range from 0 to 31 from 1 to 31 string plus equals good to this same thing to div class day day and I'm going to put a str of day here. And what is happening? Well, pay attention. Because now, as I say, now the party begins. Well, what happens is that I execute the one we're on, wait a moment at 009. Reload. Attention, I'm going to close this because it's making me dizzy. I reload and it tells me 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 until the 30th. That is, in HTML, I have n't had to create, you see it here on the right, I haven't had to manually create each of these dips because what I've done is unite the power of Python's repetition structures with HTML tags, in this case div class day. And if the Python label repeats it to me, then I repeat it. But now the power of CSS comes to our aid. Before I do this, before I do this, by the way, I'm going to say div class mes and here div, okay? and I say div because if I run it I have a class month and then within the month I have the days, okay? And so it's a little more organized, but now as I say 010 eh the power of CSS, okay? And now I come here and I say style, style day is with, I don't know, 100 pixels, hiked 100 pixels, border, one pixel solid greay and if I reload it, I think I'll have to reload the whole thing. Yes, correct. I have to reload and Python 3 and 010. Okay, now I reload and this happens and each of the days has become a little square. Why has it become a little square? Because it uses CSS and CSS calls the elements that have the class day and gives them a style for day. But now next, now next 011 we use grid, the grid that I taught you at the beginning of the afternoon today in markup languages ​​and I will say month is display grid and grid grid template columns is auto Auto, auto, auto, auto, auto and auto. That is, seven columns, like 7 days in a calendar. So Python 3011, I reload the screen and it shows me and there you have it, a calendar and it shows me a calendar, which means I can then set the maximum width, right? I can give you a moment. I'm going to put it a month. I'm going to put eh with 700 pixels. It may be too little. Now we'll see. No, it's okay. Okay, but with this, I insist, I've made a calendar mixing HTML structure, CSS presentation, and the power of Python to repeat things. And so, as I say, little by little, over the days we will repeat it. But I tell you more, I tell you more. In programming, once we made a for loop, we then started doing some initial nesting to show you that you couldn't just make one day, but you could make 12 months. And then we saw that you could also do years. So we're going to do this with Flask and so I'm going to say 012. Now I want the whole year. Let's assume that every month has 30 days, okay? And every month starts on Monday, and later I'll show you that it's obviously not. So this over here, this over here and I'm going to say string plus equals and I'm going to say for. for mes in range from 1 to 13. Okay, this goes here. Messing range, this goes here. Now this goes here and this goes here. Okay, so for dia in m I put this here and if this is correct, if it's indented correctly, Python 3 012, I come here. Eu, woow, gua. What happened here? Okay, wait a minute, something went wrong. A second-rate. What thing? It looks like a Tetris calendar. Okay, month. Therein lies the problem. I have not closed properly. Let's see. More equal chain. More equal chain. Oh yeah, sorry. This goes here. Now, now I recharge. And now, as you can see, I have the 12 months of a year. I have the 30 for 12 days. Okay, you know that 's not correct from that point of view, okay? He had effectively created a ladder. But what I want to tell you with this, what I want to tell you with this is that now, obviously, it's what Serena was saying, it's a mess. Indeed, it is a mess. What I just did is a demonstration. By the end of today's class you'll say, "I don't remember any of the code that was written and even if I do, it's a huge mess of code, okay? Yeah, right. But what I want in this case is for you to remember the overall concept of today's class, which is that subjects can be mixed and should be mixed and that within the mix of subjects, each subject is going to fulfill a function. So, Python is what's going to calculate things and HTML is what's going to display things on the screen. In this way, with this, in a few weeks we'll enter point 002 of selecting a service or product. And then the question will be, well, what can you do? What is the scope of this first course? And above all, what is the difference between the first course and the second course? We also have to be very clear about that, okay? What is the intermodular connection? 001 introduction. Mmd. Now let's move away from the code. Let's see what the Subjects, professional training modules must have a connection. First-year students can create dynamic websites. Second-year students can create all kinds of applications. What can we do in the first year? In the first year, markup languages provide the ability to display information to the end user, in other words, a website for understanding. Programming provides the ability to add a layer of calculation underneath, in other words, a layer of power, okay? Databases will allow us to store information persistently. Development environments will push us to create programs that are good. In other words, programming will allow us to create programs, but in development environments, it will make us ask ourselves if those programs, apart from working, are well-built, well-structured, well-developed, and scale correctly. Okay? All of that. And finally, computer systems are the wrapper around everything. Nothing can be executed without a computer system. And this is what we began to see in today's class, okay? In today's class, we began to see the connection between markup languages and Programming. And now, let's do some more exercises, okay? Let's see more things. Let's see, for example, let's see, just a moment. Well, of course, I want to do this, but only with things we've seen so far. In this case, a for structure, well, obviously, it's quite useful for us. Let's see. Programming time, jump structures, conditional structures, selection. Let's see, look, for example, for example, for example, a typical, classic, and characteristic exercise is the creation of a chess set, okay? Chess, which will later be useful in second year for the multimedia and device programming subject, that is, game programming. So for that, so for that, I'm going to try to make a minimal chess set. So, new file 013. I create a punython chess board. I'll take all this, I'm going to unbundle it. Strings equal to this, okay? And I'm left with this. I remove sum 4 + 3, I remove the comments because we already know what they do, okay? More than anything, to Show you that the basic Flask server is simpler than it seems. Sandro, let's create a G3 board in a game of checkers. Now you'll see. Ah, now we see. In first grade, we're going to create a board. In second grade, in the multimedia and device programming subject. A subject of which I have it right here. A subject of which, out of five teaching units, game engines and 2D and 3D game development are two of the five units, but that, as I said, is in second grade. Okay, today what we're going to do is create a checkers or chess board. Let's see it. And intermodular connection, exercises, and let's go. Okay, then, next, I'll say the following: How many cells does an air or checkers board have? Well, it's 8 by 8, okay? So and eh cells declaration and I say def board width equals 8. equals 8, I meant. So now next, I'm going to make a for loop for the, How would I tell you? For X and another for Y. Then I say def mm x in range of cer to board width for y in range of cer board width that is 8* And now I say the following. String here, string there. And now I say string plus equal to div class and I say I put a C for Zelda. So if now I execute this, Python 3 014. Hey, what happened? I have an error, huh? Let's see in the fantasero line. Oops. Ah, def. Oh my God. No, no, no, no. This is a variable. Okay, I don't know why I put def there. No, nothing. Out. Okay, I reload and I have no more and no less than 64 cells. 8* 8 64 cells. But of course, now you obviously see, I have 64 cells there, so I have to give them a little style like a chessboard shape, so 015, a little CSS, although not very legal. So, here I say style, style and I say Zelda, the element that has the Zelda class, okay? The Zelda class is with, I don't know, 50 pixels. Hiked, 50 pixels. Let's see what happens. And now I reload 015. Reload. Oh, yeah, sorry. And a solid one pixel border. Uh, Grey, okay? And the result is this. I have a series of cells, okay? But now, but now once I have cells, well I want to tell it that now 016 grid in the body, so body is display grid and grid template columns is auto and auto multiplied by 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. That is, a chessboard has eight columns, so grid in the body. Python 3016. Reload. Okay. And now I have a body that has 8 * 8 16. I have there the chessboard or checkers or whatever you want. But of course, now a little bit to focus, get the end of this exercise on track. Of course, I know that in chess or checkers, cells go like white, black, white, black, white, black. Okay? So, like this, like this, now let's see it next. I'm going to say if y divided by 2 equals 0, the integer remainder of the division. In this case, conditional structure 017 conditional els otherwise, string equals this and cell cell equals black. A black cell. What is a black cell? A black cell is a cell whose background is black. Let's see how this turned out. Python 3 017. Pay attention to what I'm telling you, right? It's a drawing, but I put in a conditional. If an expression is true, we're going to do one thing, but if it's not true, we're going to do another. Okay? So I come over here, I'm executing, I reload. Mm, almost, almost. What happened? What happened is that it gave me the same rule for all the rows, but of course, we know that in the odd rows there is one rule and in the even rows the opposite rule is present. So, once again, this transferred logic has a different rule in each row. I say if x divided by x divided by 2 equals 0, in that case something is going to happen. And if not, something else is going to happen. This one is black and this one isn't. In other words, I'm inverting the logic. Just a moment, now I'll add comments to finish this part of the class. Before that, Python 3 018 and reload. And now I do have the chess or checkers board or whatever you want created. And Python has helped me create that board, because if I had to do it, if I had to do it in HTML, I could die of boredom here writing the cells one by one and getting them right, but you do n't have to do that because that's simply what we have HTML for, to present beautifully on the screen what we want to present and Python to calculate what we want to present. Okay? And now, having said that, let's add comments to the exercise. Okay. And for that, I'm going to to do the following. First of all, of course, this is a string, I can't do it here. Okay, first of all, let's start with a CSS style. I'm going to do one thing. Instead of putting the comments there, which will make the code more complicated later, I'm going to put them here. Now I define the width of the board and first I go through the cells in X. Then I go through the cells in Y. Okay, the cells in X are horizontal, the cells in Y are vertical. And then I say, if we're in an even row, in that case, if we're in an even column, do this. And if not, if we're in an odd column. Now odd row, odd. And this is if we're in an even column. And this is if we're in an odd column. I hope I don't get a comment error, okay? A comment line error. Let's see it. And Python 3, uh, 019. Okay, correct. Okay, it's the same, the result will be the same. The only thing that happens is that now the code has comments in Python so that You can better understand what it does, okay? And this is what we're going to do in this subject. There will be sessions in which we'll talk about theory, business, market research, business models, all of that. And there will be other days in which we'll be working with code with the goal of showing you that the code we 're learning can be used to build applications. At this point, uh, this is where I start to tell you that if programming is one and markup language is one, an intermodular project isn't 1 + 1, it's ig 2. An intermodular project is 1 + 1. Combining those two components, you can do a lot more things than you could with the more separate components. And then adding databases, we'll see that 1 + 1 + 1 isn't three, it's 100. With databases, you'll see that programming, markup languages, and databases begin to multiply each other, and you'll see that we can create really brutal projects, okay? So, this is the objective, obviously one of the main objectives of the intermodular project subject. Now, now throughout the weeks, as you analyze the business model you want to work with, on the one hand, you'll ask me. Of course, Serena, you asked me a few days ago about the clothing store, okay? A fashion store, uh, online, as you can imagine, where today we're seeing chess squares, well, later on, what we'll do is load products from a database and instead of painting them like chess cells, we'll paint them like products from a clothing store, okay? So, each one is about you thinking about what you want to do and little by little, over the weeks. We haven't finished yet, not even in September. Today is the last day of September of classes with me, but before the end of September, we're already starting to mix pieces, so we have the whole course ahead of us to teach you how to mix the pieces and all that, okay? And well, I want to end today's class by telling you what Next. Indicating the following. As I mentioned at the beginning of the class, uh, you're now starting to see evaluations, okay? With which you're now starting to see both new exercises and results, as ok, in principle everyone should start to have uh their content. Uh, I have to regenerate some exercises, okay? With which I'll modify this because the text is added there, but anyway, I'm working a little bit every day. So if we go, for example, to programming, you'll see that now instead of seeing a drop-down menu, you'll see the following happen. What we're seeing here is an exercise completed and evaluated. What we see here is an exercise not yet completed. The icon on the page is not completed. And you'll see that from time to time Yes. Ah, yes, yes, the eye. Nothing, it's just silly. It's a bit of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I'll tell you more about it later, but it was a bit of the eye. It looks like the girl's eye in this Korean series, Squid Game. Okay? The little girl who watches you to see if you move or not. So it's like an eye watching you while you take a test. It's a lie, it's JavaScript. Okay, if it's scary, it's exactly what I wanted. Indeed, that was the objective, okay? And uh, the idea is that, if you see that it's a blank page, it 's a task you haven't done yet. Okay, 2010 eyes. I don't know what 2010 eyes are, tell us, because the 2010 movie Odyssey 2 came to mind, but it must not be that because I don't remember any eyes in that movie, but well, I don't know. Okay. And if ever, well, when you do an activity on web pages, ah, to make them more alive, yes, that's a bit the same. Indeed, it's a small widget with JavaScript that moves with the mouse, but it doesn't do anything else. It's like an animation, so, yes, it's more or less the same Same. Yes. Okay. And if you ever see that you finish an exercise, okay? And when you finish the exercise, you see an hourglass appear. The hourglass means that the system recognizes that you have finished that exercise and have sent it for evaluation, but it has not yet been evaluated, okay? So I calculate that once every 24 hours I will go through the evaluation process, but I don't know. Okay, I say this because, for example, in this case we can see that Serena has left a constants file here, okay? An activity, but uh, it has not been evaluated yet because you remember that at the beginning of the afternoon I downloaded it. So next what I'll do here, I'm going to close this, what I'll do here tonight, okay?, is enter. I say tonight because when I evaluate artificial intelligence it crashes my computer, what I usually try to do is start it when I'm not there. So I'll go to Eval. Inside useful I have a Python script here. called evalua, so I'm not going to run it now because it will break my computer, but what evalua does is it corrects the exercises that I have pending to correct and then synchronize. What it does is that the evaluations that I have generated are uploaded to the server, okay? So, as I said, that is planned to be done, well I told you, once every 24 hours, once every 48 hours, I don't know, but what I want to tell you is that from here on, well in the next few days we will talk, starting little by little, okay? Starting to build exercises and that's it. Meanwhile, meanwhile locally, locally I have a control panel here, it 's only locally, where it tells me, it tells me what you are submitting. It also notifies me of which ones are pending to be corrected. It tells me who is submitting, what grades they are getting, which people have not submitted yet and so on, okay? So, the idea is that on the one hand I can keep track of you from the Beginning, early follow-up. Each of you should also receive feedback as quickly as possible on what you're doing, whether it's good or bad, and what you can do to improve it and all that. Remember what I mentioned last week in the email: the laxity parameter is at zero, okay? That means that right now, in the first few weeks, the artificial intelligence is helping you, okay? It raises your grade, it gives you a little help—I mean, it's not like next month it's going to go from 0 to 10, okay? In October, maybe I'll raise it to one, and then in November I'll raise it to two, okay? And so, the more the course progresses, the stricter—without going overboard, obviously—but the stricter the artificial intelligence will be when it comes to grading. And as I always say, I'm always going to be on top of the artificial intelligence to make sure that, as far as possible, it doesn't tell you nonsense, doesn't suggest impossible things, it evaluates you fairly, and so on. Okay. Okay, well, we'll take a 10- minute break, and then we'll get on with the computer systems class, the second part of this afternoon, okay? And with that, we 'll have finished this afternoon's classes.