And let's see, let's go for it. And let's see, we have an alteration. Okay, now next we're going to introduce some validation constraints on the data. For example, for example, in clients I can come and insert and I can, for example, in identifier say name, José Vicente, last name Carratalá Sánchez, telephone, a telephone number, of course, but I'm going to put, I'm going to put, I'm going to put 52 and email, well email@info. Continuous. He let me, he let me insert it, but I know this isn't right, okay? I know that at some point we're going to examine phone 52, what we were talking about before, right? At least here in Spain, you couldn't have the phone number 52. Instead, I insist, assuming the Spanish case, it would have to have a minimum of nine characters. It's more like a minimum of nine characters, unless they're special numbers like 1004 and all that, but let's assume there aren't any special numbers. The same thing happens with email, right? And we've entered information, but it's not valid; it doesn't have the structure of an email. Data validations can be done, we'll see, obviously on the programming side, but they can also be done on the database side. So for example, I'm going to come over here and say eh, now alter table to add validation and phone must be equal to nine characters. Let's see. And here, okay? So let's add a constraint, okay? Let's add a constraint phone constraint point sql and activate it. So now I come here, I go to SQL, I grab the code, I paste it, I run it. Uh, it says error, but okay, fine, no problem. Let's see. Is Ah, of course, of course, of course. What's going on? What's going on? Well, as soon as there is a record that doesn't comply, then it no longer complies, right? So I'm going to delete this record, I'm going to enter that SQL, we're going to continue and it tells us okay, okay? The one that was there no longer complied. So I go to clients, I'm going to insert myself, I say, "José Vicente, last name Garratalá, wait, where am I hearing that?" here. Okay. Okay. Come on. Okay. And now next. And now phone 52 or 53, email info or onfo. I hit continue and it says, "No, you can't insert that record because you don't meet the condition." Okay, so I come over here and say, "Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. So I'm going to fulfill the condition. 620 89 16 18." Okay, so I hit continue and it's inserted successfully. But the email is not valid, the email is onfo. Onfo cannot be an email. An email has to be something@something. Extension or something or person@domain. So now next I say now another one for email. Okay, we also use check and okay, the check is going to be very limited. Look, let's get in. Oh my goodness, this is a regular expression, okay? Uh, well, I don't want to get too involved right now. 002 email.Ssql SQL with regular expressions, but let's get to it. Okay, now I execute, I'll explain the regular expression later, it's quite a long story, okay? So, well, I'm trying to put in a validation, but it's going to give an error because it's going to tell me that the one that's there no longer exists, okay? Okay. The current one no longer complies, so clients, so delete, so okay, so SQL. So I alter the table, okay? Now yes. And if I try to enter a record and say, "Jose Vicente Carratalá, phone 620 89 16 18, that's enough, but email info isn't." I click continue and it says check email format is violated. Okay, but if I tell him info@jocarsa.com, I tell him to continue and then he does comply. So, as we can see, validation restrictions help me ensure that the data is entered correctly, meaning that I can't accept any type of data, but rather I can control the data that actually travels to the database. All right, let's let's let's let's let's let's continue. Let's continue with indexes. Indexes allow us to establish, in fact, before, when I created a key, what we see here is an index, it allows us to index the information. Also, eventually, what we can do is specify what we want, for example, to add one more field, which is the DNI, the DNI, the NIF, the NIE or whatever, okay? Or even if it's the carré from the video store, I don't care, okay? But a key, the indexes, therefore, allow us to better manage the information. I'm not going to do the index exercise now; we'll leave that for later because I need data in the database, but we'll work on that later. Okay, and then and then we have the null value next. The null value allows us to specify what happens when I don't save data. For example, I'm going to insert and I say, "The name is Juan. I don't put the last name and I put the phone number and the email. I hit insert, I hit continue and I was able to insert it. And as we can see, an empty column is inserted. So instead of inserting an empty column, what I can do is tell it that there are certain fields that can be null, can be not. I mean, ah, let's see. Make surnames null. Insert null. Let's see. Exercises. Alter 001. surname nul punql. So surname nul SQL. Let's see. We alter the column. Let's alter the column. Okay. And now, what happens when we insert a client? You see? Right now, nothing. I'm going to insert and I go to José Vicente. I go to nothing. Okay, you see there that okay, that it puts it as null, it's automatically null. Phone 620 89 1718. Email info@jocarsa.com. Okay, so I'm going to continue and we'll notice that now it hasn't inserted an empty string, but now what it has done is insert the value null. And you'll say, "Hey, what's the difference between null and empty string?" Because in the end, they're the same thing; they're basically just an empty space. Well, no, not really. This might not be of capital importance right now, but later on, you'll see that it is. There's a meme, the null toilet paper roll meme, that tells us that one thing is zero and another thing is null. Okay, zero means there could be a value but there is no value. There could be a paper but there is no paper. And null means there is no value. The value is zero and there is no value are not the same. Okay, just remember this toilet paper roll meme and we'll come back to it later. And now, I'm going to take a little jump. I'm going to skip over these parts for now, the data description language. We've seen it before, really, the data control language, and we're going to start creating queries. To create queries, what I'm going to do in this case is insert a series of sample data. We'll talk about insertion later, but we're going to insert 001 sample data into the database using SQL. We'll talk about foreign keys and views and all that later, but not right now. Okay, let's go to the sample data. Uh, create sample data for clientes table 20 customers, 20 Spanish customers so that the first and last names are in Spanish and all that. Perfect. Well, I'm going to execute, I'm going to execute this query. I copy the code, paste it, and I'm going to execute this query simply so that in clientes, I don't have, I'm going to empty the table, I don't have, uh, an empty table, but rather I have a respectable set of data. I'm going to continue, and we'll see how now in clientes, there are 20 customers, there are 20 rows, and this already looks different, okay? Here we can start doing things, okay? What Is this the first thing we want to do when we have data in a table? Well, the first thing we want to do is project, select, and sort. Okay, let's start by performing the simplest of operations: 002: selection. So I come here and tell you, the simplest of the selections is select all from clients. And with this, we begin the most important of the database operations, which is select. There are four important ones, but this is the most important. So if I do select all from clients, what happens is that I select everything from all the clients, but I don't have to select everything from all the clients. For example, I only want to see the names. So, select name from clients. I copy, paste, and check how I only see the name. I can't just see the first name. 004. I select columns. Hey, careful. I select columns. I don't just want to see the name. Let's put it on different lines so it's a little more organized. First name, comma, last name. I can select as many columns as I want, so I select names and select surnames. In addition, I can perform projections. Not only can I choose the columns, but I can also change the column aliases because name is in lowercase, which isn't very nice. Last names aren't very nice. I'm going to use the AS 005 particle alias and I'm going to say name AS name names of the clients and last names AS. last names of the clients with a single quote. So if I do this, copy, paste, select, but as we see, the column names are prettier and more understandable, although internally, in the database. Hey, why am I not seeing? Why am I not seeing the chat? Okay, now although internally, internally it's still called name, but visually for the end user it will be called client names, which is nicer and more understandable and ultimately more human. Okay, right now, right now, now I'm going to select everything again. Sort 006. Let's go back to everything, okay? Select all from clients. By default, the records are They are ordered based on the identifier, they are ordered based on how they are naturally stored in the database, but let's suppose that I want to store them, I want to order them by last name. So next I say 007, we order by column and now I come and say select all from clients, order by last name and that's it. Okay. And already wrong, but now we see it. And here continue and then it orders them by last name. Well, I have done something that is not very good and that is that eh if I do not put ask or desk in the order buy, that is, ascending or descending, by default, My SQL understands that the ordering is ascending. It's not cool because it's not good for the computer to understand things, it's better that we explain them to it. Therefore, 008 ascending. It's better that we put Ask, although technically it's not necessary, but it's better, it's cleaner. In the same way, we could also put descending. I want them to be ordered from Z to A. So I copy, continue and They sort from highest to lowest, from last to first. I ca n't just sort by a single criterion, I can sort by multiple. So 010, multiple criteria, and then I say order by first name ask comma last name no sorry, sorry, the other way around, last name ask, first name ask or or desk, whatever you want. So I copy, SQL, paste, and sort by last name. And in the case that there were two identical last names, then it would sort alphabetically by ascending name. As you can see, yes, yes, they do go in this order. It's first going to try to sort these, and if there's a duplicate in these, then it moves on to these. And I've given an example with two columns, and you can put in whatever columns you want. I mean, if there were, which I don't think there would be, okay? But if there were the same last name and first name, then it sorts by, I don't know, okay? By ID, by phone, by email, by whatever you want. It's rare, but it can happen, obviously. Let's see, let's see. Just a moment, I'm going to run a query, A query to make sure I didn't leave anything out before moving on to the next section. Uh, let's see. Uh. Uh. Uh. Uh. No, I almost left something important out. Okay. Oh, no, okay. Okay. Nothing, perfect. I wanted, wanted, wanted, wanted, okay, I wanted to check that I didn't leave something out. Okay, next. Uh, summary queries, grouping, compositions, compositions, subqueries. Okay, well, no, let's look at a type of query called the we, okay? That's the conditions within queries. We can set the following conditions: 011, uh, clause, and I'm going to say select from clients where, and I'm going to say where surnames equals Castro Vargas. It equals Castro Vargas. I execute, SQL, I execute, I click continue, and we see that, unlike before, I haven't selected all the records; I've selected only the record that meets a specific condition. Now, later we'll talk about operators, and we'll talk about boolean operators and logical operators. In short, okay? I say this because I'm going to do a simple demonstration. Now, next I say, okay, but I would like it to find all the wildcards, starting wildcard, all those last names like Castro percentage. The percentage is a wildcard and it says I want to find all those users whose last name starts with Castro and then whatever it is. So I execute, I go to SQL, I execute here and it tells me Isabel Castro Vargas. Okay, I can also 013 two wildcards. So in two wildcards I want to get all those users who have an astro in their last name. Two wildcards. It's a starting wildcard and an ending wildcard. Or for example Ria from García and all that, or for example EZ from Martínez Fernández and all that. So I hit SQL continue and it tells me, well look, there 's López, there's Martínez, there's Rodríguez, there's Gómez, there's Fernández, there's López, there's Hernández, there's... How curious, uh, Torres, that is, Sánchez, there 's Hernández and there's Domínguez, okay? I mean, it's I mean, as you can see, the we clause allows me to filter, the we clause allows me to select. Okay, let's focus on the last part of today's class. Above all, the objective of today's class is to verify that we can now connect to a database, we can now start making requests to a database, we can now start obtaining things from a database. Obviously, in the coming weeks, we'll be connecting programming with the database, and then we'll connect programming with markup languages, and little by little, we'll interconnect the subjects. Today, we're in the second week, and we have n't interconnected anything yet. We're moving forward in parallel, okay? But obviously, what I want you to think about is, wow, how cool would it be to enter information into a database and then have Python take that information from the database and then display it on a web page. Okay, so that's what we'll do, but not yet because we're in the first week. We're going to talk about operators. We 're going to talk about operators, and then projection. Okay, operators. Okay. So, let's talk about mathematical operators. So, 001 001 arithmetic operators pun SQL and I say and I say select 4 + 3 from clients. It's funny. So, what does this mean? Well, SQL select 4 + 3 is 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7 7. What does this mean? Okay, so this means we can do mathematical operations with records. What does mathematical operations mean? Well, I can do select 4 + 3, 4 - 3, 4* 3, for example, and 4/ 3. Let's run it. We go on and we have addition and we have subtraction and we have multiplication and we have division. And you're going to say, "But what good does this do?" Why would I want to multiply things in a database? Well, it can be very useful to us. So I'm going to ask GPT Chat next, " Hello, here, okay?" And here I'm going to ask you now I want sample data for the product table. 20 products. Let's go there. No, but I already have the board. I already have the board. I already have the board. Databases. Data model. Terminology. Create product table. Okay, I don't want you to create a new table for me, what I want is for you to create 20 products for the table I already had. Let's see it. Okay, as you can see, from what I was telling you before, from what I was telling you on the first day, it's good to use artificial intelligence, it's good to use GPT chat to help you, but of course, you have to know how to program because you have to know how to read that you have said, "I want, I want products" and the GPT chat almost got me into trouble. He says to me, "Okay, so let's create a table." So you as a human being have to remember and say, "No, no, I already had a board, don't believe me, it's another board." Okay, so it's not like you just ask Chat GPT for something and it does everything for you, right? You have to know how to program and you have to know what you're doing to know when you're doing it right, but when you have to say, "No, no, no, I already have it, give me this board." Okay, fine. We copy code. Let's load up, shall we? Let's load 002 sample SQL data. Let's run it against the database. Therefore, we load 20 sample products and with the 20 sample products we are going to demonstrate what arithmetic operations are useful for, because they are useful. So, I'm going to say the following next. 003, VAT calculation. I know that the general VAT in Spain is 21%. So I would like the price representing the tax base in this table to also represent the VAT tax, okay? You might say, "But this wouldn't be calculated in the programming." The answer is, well, yes, it can be calculated in programming, but it can also be calculated in the database. It's a matter of the developer deciding whether to calculate it in one part or another. So select from select to disk from eh products. Okay. And no and no select disc. I don't want to. Let's select columns I want the name. I want the, well, the, look, the description doesn't matter to me right now. I want the price and now next I want the price multiplied by 0.21, that is, I'm using, as you can see, a multiplication eh operator, an arithmetic multiplication operator. Copy, copy, execute. And when selecting, we can check that it gives me the price of the product, what we would call the taxable base and the VAT. Of course, the thing is that the price of 0.21 doesn't look very nice, right? So column alias, column alias and I say price as taxable base. which is more beautiful, more human, more understandable. This AS was 21% and this is the name of the product. So I copy. So, sorry, not here. So I run it and we'll see how in this case it doesn't matter to me, but the column names are prettier and more understandable and more human and more workable in an application. Now, as you can imagine, what I want is to get the total as well. I add the total and to add the total I'm going to say that let's see, I want this and I want price plus, well, really yes, we're going to make it eh complex, okay? Price plus price by 0.21. I know you might say, "Well, this is the same as putting the price multiplied by 1.21, yes, but this way we practice both the addition operator and the multiplication operator, okay?" It's an excuse, so just do total invoice or total price, let's say, because there is n't an invoice yet. So I copy, SQL, paste, continue and here we have it. We have the tax base, we have the 21% VAT and we have the total price. So just like in programming languages, in databases there are also operators and they have a very specific use, as you'll see, in the same way as they do in databases. Let's see, wait a minute. It won't be open now. Hello. Hello. Are you coming for that? Okay. Hm. You can't. Look, I'll tell you. I'm finishing databases with the first years. I'll stay in fifteen minutes and then fifteen minutes until the second years. You can come on the 45th. Perfect. And so from 45 o'clock on the dot we'll finish That. Yes. Alarm. Alarm. Very well. Very well. Sure, sure. Okay, now that's it. And now to be able to enter later. That's it. That's it. Okay, that's it, okay? So, next we're going to see more operators, such as, for example, the comparison operators, okay? Which I probably think will be the last ones we'll see today, okay? Uh, 006 comparison operators. And then I say select 4 is less than or greater than three. We saw the comparison operators the other day in programming languages ​​in Python, okay? So I copy, SQL, paste, continue. Okay, is it true that four is greater than 3? It tells me one, is it true? Or 007, false comparison. Or is it true that 4 is less than 3. So, uh, it will tell me false. It will tell me false, it will tell me zero. Once again, you'll say, "Well, what does this mean, that I put one or zero?" Well, what does it mean in In this case, I can perform conditional validations within MySQL. For example, I go to the products table and I'm going to say that those products, for example, that have a price greater than €1,000 or €500, I don't care what you say, if someone buys something from me for more than €500, I'll give them the shipping costs. Okay, there's no shipping costs, but if someone buys something for less than €500, then they do have shipping costs, okay? So, what I'm going to do next is the following. Let's see. 008, eh, condition, and I say select name, comma, price, comma, price is less than 500. Let's see it. We execute. We go to SQL, we execute, and it tells us that some are zero, some are one, and some are whatever. Okay? Prices. I'm going to put alias column alias. And this is ash, I do n't know, you know? Shipping or something like that or shipping costs or let's see. Hm. Shipping charge. Okay, so how much will the Transport. Well, I don't know, it could be a fixed value, it could be a variable value, I don't know. Okay, let's see, and hm, let's execute SQL, okay? Continue, and okay, load transport. Okay. And now, and now I want to say price, this and this multiplied, let's see if it lets me. Multiplied by 200. I'm going to tell you that the transport price is going to be 200, okay? Why? Because I don't know. Transport price. So I copy, paste, execute. No, it's not valid. Okay. Okay. Ah, I imagined because this is a true false. Okay. Okay. I'm going to tell it ifels. I'm going to tell it ifels. Okay, I see you're trying. It doesn't exist. It's okay. It's an if, yes. Okay, no, we're not going to use an if, and later I'll explain the case, and so we make it as simple as possible, okay? If the price is less than 500, load transport. And now if the price is less than 500, load 200. If not, I charge zero. So now, sorry, now I come here, I execute SQL and now yes. Okay, if it weighs, if it weighs, if it's worth more than 500, no, I don't charge shipping. But if it's worth less than 500, I charge shipping, so in the end, 010 total with shipping. Okay, a moment and okay, okay, okay. Okay. And total, okay. And this is the total, total order. The VAT would be missing, obviously it 's 200 plus price. I take, execute, execute. Mm. Okay, Martín. Hm. Ah, sorry. 200 plus price goes here and no. Okay. Error. Ah, how strange. A comma. I'm missing a comma before it. Total order. No. Ah, yeah. Damn, I'm missing a comma. Geez. It's possible. I'm missing a comma. Okay. And continue. And there we have the total order with shipping. Okay, something's wrong there. Something's wrong there because Ah, yeah, no, 200 plus the price. Ah, sorry, sorry. Okay, if not, of course, no, this isn't zero, but it's the price. Okay, the false case is the false case is the price. Now, okay. If it's less than that, it doesn't include shipping and it's worth what it's worth, but if it 's less than that, you have to charge €200 for shipping. I'm telling you €200 because I just made that up. Moral. Moral. And with this, we'll end today's class because I have a small meeting in the last 15 minutes. The moral. The moral, basically, to understand each other, is that with what we've seen so far, we have access to MySQL. We can load data, and once we load data into a database like MySQL, we can start making a lot of requests, okay? We can request requests, we can request products, we can request customers, we can sort, we can filter, we can do whatever we want with customers. The concept of MySQL is complex at first because it's like MySQL forces you to save things in a very specific way, and it's true that's the case, but if If we respect that methodology, if we respect those rules, then we'll be able to enjoy the SQL language, which, as you can see, is a very simple and accessible language. And the commands, that's exactly it. Okay? The commands are designed so that you say you want to select something and you want to sort it in a specific way. The database will then handle all the magic inside. Okay? Indeed, the SQL commands are to offer you, the human being, an interface that I think is reasonably easy to use. I always say, if you speak English, you already know half of SQL, because the SQL language is to select I don't know what, I do n't know how many from the product table. I mean, it's practically English. The SQL language is the simplest you can find, even simpler than Python, which is to say, next time we'll continue on Monday. And so, uh, do what I told you at the end of the afternoon today, which is to do the exercises. Do everything that I I'll have you repeat it and get ready because next week we'll start doing activities, we'll start doing subunits and units little by little. Obviously, I'm not going to cram a ton of exercises into you on the first day and nothing, and we'll start the assessments. If necessary, on Monday we'll do more mock exams for the rest of the subjects so you can be sure of how the activities are going, and that's it. Okay, so that's it, see you on Monday for the next classes. Take advantage of the weekend to review and practice and to follow the rule that everything I do, you do too, and that's it. Okay? Come on, guys, see you later.