for the following reason. Eh, you're an old-schooler, but in an old-school way, although you don't have an intermodular project, you have a TFG and the index and in the theme of the intermodular project. Wait a minute. And yes, yes, correct. But look, I'll tell you. Wait, wait, Fran, just a moment. I'm going to show it with the calendar and we'll see it better there. One moment. Let's see, calendar. Let's take it out here. Let's get DAM out. Okay, the thing is, we had this, okay? We had an intermodular project from 1:30 to 2:30, okay? And then we had 15 to 5, okay? It's actually 3 hours, so this is what we were doing until now, which is an intermodular project for one hour and business management systems for 2 hours. The idea is to do it like this, okay? So that's still 3 hours. The difference is that instead of doing an hour here and 2 hours there, we do the 3 hours in a row. That is, the hours, which in fact I am not in a particular hurry beyond the Ah, sorry, sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ah, in the Let's see, on paper, wait. In what role? In the notepad. Ah, this, uh, no, wait, what I'm writing is also wrong, okay? Because that's how it is. So. Okay, so four is not, from 16 to 18 is two and from 18 to 19 is one, okay? There are three of them, but I don't care. I mean, even if there were four of them, it wouldn't be a problem. That is, as long as there are no fewer, there is no problem. Well, if there's more, then fine, of course. And if there are more, then better. I mean, what's more, what's more, I'm almost certain that tomorrow's class won't end at 7, I mean, it will probably end at 8, mainly because there are things to talk about tomorrow. I mean, tomorrow there's everything to show, tomorrow there's everything to unravel, and if, uh, tomorrow we start at 4 and at 6 we 're still unraveling everything, then we'll keep unraveling everything, okay? I mean, it's not a matter of, oh, no, it's over, so we'll cut it off, okay? I mean, I'm telling you. So that's it. So, going back to Miguel Ángel's question, Miguel Ángel, my recommendation is that you attend, okay? For a very simple reason, the issue of FSTs, now in- company training, is a pain, isn't it? Because before, we used to send students to FCT in March when they already had all the training, which is your case, okay? Stop because you're old school, which was cool. But it must be said that since the TFG project was produced in the last 3 months while you were doing your internship, of course, the project didn't have real monitoring and tutoring or project classes. Instead, each tutor gives the project index and says, "Okay, guys, go for it." Okay, what's going on? Just as I don't like the new features in the internships, I do like the new features in what used to be the TFG, which is now an intermodular project for those in the new plan, because there are hours assigned during the week to talk about that topic and to work on the project, okay? And the index is practically the same. So for that reason, I, Miguel Ángel, absolutely invite you to attend and finish the recordings and all that, because it's not like it's going to be something different, I would tell you, Miguel, don't waste your time because what you have to deliver is going to be different, but it's practically the same, okay? So, I'm telling you, my recommendation is that if you want to start now with the rest of the new plan students, even if you submit it in June, that's also fine. Okay, so, for me it's great. I'll have to evaluate the rest of the students quarterly, and in your case, I'll save the grade for June, okay? Because the students of the new plan, eh intermodular project 2, are evaluated by quarters and such. By the way, I talked about it before, Fran, with Alicia and with Pilar, who already told me that, well, they didn't know that there are three quarters in second period, okay? asks for nothing. Now then it's that I did n't want to talk too much with them either because the first-year students were waiting for me, okay? But now I'll tell you the plan later. But they already told me that they told you two quarters and that you said, "No, no, it's that José Vicente told us that it's three, okay? That I have to talk to them and inform them of how this issue is going and all that, okay? And uh Luis, well tell you the idea, tell you the idea and let's go for it. Well, I'll tell you, I'll tell you better here. Of course, look, basically it's uh creating a software, an application. In any case, at first I'm going to do it from the cloud, that is, like we're doing now for the website, but the idea is to do it for Android and iOS. Well, it's going to be a complicated one, but oh well, because the application is basically a management of employees of a restaurant, because my partner works at Volterita and he tells me that they use an application called, I can tell you right now, that it's a What's the name of the application? Ah, I'll tell you in a second. Well, I'll tell you now because my cell phone is off, but but basically yes, but basically he tells me that it works quite poorly because, for example, when They upload, uh, the PDF of some information or whatever, you can't, for example, rotate the screen or whatever. She tells me that some messages don't arrive, that the real-time update is a little slow, etc. And basically she tells me that the application is not very intuitive to use. So I got the idea that precisely since my partner works at a restaurant, at Voltereta, I said, "Why don't I try to make an application like that?" But since she tells me all the errors or everything that she sees wrong, being a person outside the world of programming, who is basically the end user, well, maybe it would be a good idea for a project. I'm looking for you right now exactly what it's called in case you want to look it up now. I think it's called I think it's called Mapal One. Mapal, Mapal, yes, Mapal One is what it's called. Okay, Apple One, okay. It's that one because she tells me that it works quite poorly and I looked it up on Apple, on the Apple Store, that is, yes, on The Play Store, sorry. And it has a 1.9 review score, so it's going to be average. Perfect. So, of course, I said, "Wow, it could be a good option for creating software development, and maybe even suggesting it so they can use it in that restaurant, too." Well, that would be more or less the ideal scenario. Perfect. Okay, let's see, let's move forward with that idea, okay? Let's move forward with that project, okay? And I'm going to put a small but to you, which is the following. Hey, more than a but, I'm going to give you a task to do. You see, a few years ago I attended a talk by this person that I'm going to tell you about here, okay? who is Javier Echalecu, who is an entrepreneur, works in marketing, is well-known in Valencia, let's say, in the world of marketing, entrepreneurship and all that. And this person at one point, a few years ago, was giving a talk and I was there as a listener, well, enjoying the talk, right? Then he told us something that made us all start laughing because in his talks he tells you about his business failures, but he tells you about them in a funny way, okay? People laugh, but then when you look at the message underneath it's a very dramatic message. And then he said that years ago he was a supplier to Mercadona with a footwear company that he owned and the one in which he was a partner and in Mercadona, El Corte Inglés. And then at El Corte Inglés, on the loading dock, every time he went or went with a partner or a delivery person went to send an order, to deliver an order, well, he said that on the loading dock, since there are drafts, the paper delivery note, right?, he would pin it on a pin, which is a fairly common practice, especially it 's an old practice to ensure that when on a loading dock that 's half open to air, when a supplier brings a delivery note, you pin it on the pin so the air can't carry it away. It is a very basic technique, but very effective in not losing Baranes. And then he came up with the idea of making an app. He doesn't know how to program, but he hired a kid to basically create a software for managing invoices at the reception point, in the warehouse. And then, of course, since he was a supplier to Mercadona, to Mercadona del Corte Inglés, he had the contacts to request a meeting, to arrange a meeting with half the bosses, half the bigwigs, half the decision-makers, right? and introduce them to the software. So, he got that meeting, made the presentation, the skewer was in the presentation, as an example of what's old and what's not, okay? And then the guy said in the talk that at the end of the presentation, the people at El Corte Inglés said, "Hey, this is very good, what you presented to us is super cool, it's very good, but we didn't ask for it." So, of course, the guy said that he suddenly stopped and said, "Yeah, I mean, you didn't actually ask me, this was my initiative, but I think that with the stick I could, I mean, I mean, without the stick, with the software you could work better." And the guy said, and we all burst out laughing because he said it as a joke, that the people who were at the meeting said, "Yeah, but we don't have any problem with the pincho." That is to say, no, no employee of El Corte Inglés has complained about the snack. This is you, as a provider, who thought we might need an app, but we don't need an app because the spike works for us. And the guy said that he left the meeting and said, "I've wasted six months, not of my life, but paying the programmer for something that El Corte Inglés hadn't asked for at all and that El Corte Inglés didn't see as a need. Okay? With this, what I'm telling you is that, in other words, you're telling me about the need of an end user, but that user isn't the decision maker, but nevertheless, I'm sure that user can put you in contact with the decision maker, okay? I mean, I'm not saying no, but I 'm telling you this story so that the same thing doesn't happen to you as this person and that you spend six months now working on a project and then Voltereta comes along and says, "That's cool, but I don't want it because I didn't ask you for it." Okay? So the question is, it sounds to me that Voltereta is a company that has several restaurants, so I understand that there must be a central office that makes these types of decisions to apply them to all the Volteretas. that there are, because as I'm telling you, I think there are, at least in Valencia, two or three. The question, okay?, that you have to ask your partner is if there is some way to avoid unpleasantness, eh, apart from her being clear that she has objectively justified that this software has deficiencies, if she can contact the person who makes the decisions or someone close to the decision-maker to see to what extent the company is offered a better alternative, if the company is willing or receptive to considering better offers, okay? In terms of functionality, in terms of price, in terms of whatever. And only if that consultation is positive, then I'll tell you, go program that application, okay? And if the company says, "Well, of course, we already have this implemented, changing this implementation would be a big deal," and go, you know? And if they put up a fight, I'd say, don't bang your head against the wall programming something for a company that's already telling you they won't buy it. Another issue, obviously, is that you don't design the application with Voltereta's specific rules, but rather that you try to design the application with the most generic rules possible so that in case Voltereta tells you no, then you say, "No problem, I'll go to the rest, but not to the rest, I'll go to the [ __ ] rest of the restaurants in all of Valencia and all of Spain to offer them what Voltereta didn't want. Okay, so that's why I'm saying it. Of course, I'm saying it for Sure, yes, tell me. Let's see, yes, let's see, the uh really the idea yes uh the ideal would be to create it as a service, I mean, like not everything is like an application designed only for Voltereta, I mean, that it's like super everything Voltereta, because maybe that would be if they told me that they wanted it only for them, which would be super cool, but oh well. Uh, so the idea is that, to do it as a service and then if they really want it, well, look, but obviously and I think Yes, I do think I could try to get in touch with Perfecto. Make a decision and or or close. I think I could try. Yes, well, look, I'm telling you, move it more than anything to know that, I mean, if you start working on it, at least there are possibilities, you know? Good. And then and then, uh, not at a business level, but at a more technological level, uh, we'll get to the teaching units corresponding to application programming. And from there I will tell you that in previous years, uh, I mean, I have been teaching students a mix of application creation based on web technologies that become native applications. Uh, and then, obviously, I can't teach iOS because I would have to have a Mac and I would have to force you all to have a Mac. Uh, but Android yes, in previous years what I have done is reserve a part of the syllabus for Cotlin and XML, okay? since native programming in Android works with Cotlin in the drivers, XML uh in the views, XML for what HTML and CSS would do, let's say, styles and structure and then a mix between that and something similar to local storage inside, that is, to persist data, okay? and of course asynchronous communications with a server for API consumption and all that. This year I'm not even going to bother with that, I mean, I 'm going to skip over the Cotlin part very, very briefly and we're going to go directly to web technologies. Why? Well, to web technologies that later become mobile applications. Why? Well, because you can spend a lot of time on Android and then that's worth absolutely nothing on iOS because iOS is another platform that works with Swift and on top of that, now they're commenting that if they want to change Swift for another language, I mean, it's crazy. Okay? So, the idea is that we'll be working with layout and web technologies, obviously avoiding removing the entire PHP and MySQL part because it's not applicable for obvious reasons, right? And so, the advantage of that is that layouts the application once and then you deploy it to both Android and iOS without having to reprogram the application multiple times, okay? But that's what it's all about. That's what it's all about. Indeed, Fran. Okay, so I'll tell you, well, let's get to it. We'll keep moving forward, but as I said, can I interrupt you? Sure, sure. Look, here I think I don't know if it's complicated to do this type of application or script. In this case, I think it's because, look, I'll give you a real example. Right now at work at McDonald's, they ask us to do some reviews by scanning a QR code. Yes. And what happens? Okay, this is a bit, it 's not confidential, but hey, I don't care. It's the thing about listen, listen, I'm recording. If you want, I'll stop. Stop it, stop it, stop it.