We're going to make a little Python program that can tell us what operating system we have, what computer we have, and what that computer has. Okay, so for that, to 002 and information from my punpython computer. So I'm going to build a little program over here. Let's do it quickly. Let's see. and create a small program in Python that one tells me what operating system I'm on and two, provides me with all the possible information about my system. Three, a report that is readable by anyone and four that is multiplatform. Well, it got away from me. Okay, so let's dump that program. Now we will execute it and from there we will see. And from there we will execute to check what we have. Okay, let's see. Oh, okay. Okay, come on, wait a minute. And here, okay, let's see it. I'm going to put a little program here. Well, small, maybe not so small, but okay. Milk. Well, I expected it to be small, but it's not small, but oh well, that's okay. You'll have it there to run. Come on, go on. Oh. Wow, damn it. Okay, information from my computer. And now, just like before, what I'm going to do is go to computer systems first, in this case, operating system installation and exercises, and I'm going to run that Python file. So Python 30002. And it tells me this, right? and he tells me, let's see, let's see. He tells me that this system, this program, I insist, will not only be encrypted, but will give us that information in a structure that is difficult to read, okay, for a human being. But well, it's a Linux system, eh, with the kernel, with the 6.14 kernel, whatever, such platform, right? The Mac network ID, which has nothing to do with Apple. is this one here and the Python path is this one. Okay, I have a processor of this architecture with 16 logical cores, 10 physical cores, running at 2736, minimum 400, maximum 4475, okay? And CPU usage right now, right now it's at 23%, okay? RAM. In this case I have 16 GB available. I have 5.5 available. I used 7.6, which means, I don't know, let's see. But hey, I've used 66% of the RAM right now. Okay, what discs do I have? Well, I have these disks, they have this memory, these are used, I have this network, I have the users, okay? And if you want more detail, then install this. But of course, this is for Linux, obviously, and it has to work for all platforms. Okay? So this gives us a perspective of what the computer system I'm on right now has. Because? Well, because when I develop computer applications, what I just did will be very necessary to know the environment in which those computer programs will run. Okay, I'm going to close here and let's go to subunit two, which is functions of an operating system. Here you are going to help me, so I'll create a new file 001 functions.python and tell me what functions an operating system has. What are you telling me? Many of you know them. functions of an operating system. Okay, okay. Interpret human inputs and therefore offer outputs to the human. That is, input is done through the keyboard and mouse and output is done through the screen, speakers, and printer, classically. Okay, keyboard, mouse, microphone, it can also be an input, okay? One of them is this. Very good. Another is to manage processes and programs. Very good. What else? Programs generate files, right? They generate what are called files and directories, folders, right? Well, they also manage the file system where both programs and documents are stored, right? Like the documents that the programs generate or work with, right? What else? Although this is the bulk of what an operating system does, right? manage the hardware. [Music] In principle, in principle we could say that there is little more. Okay, fine. Types of operating systems. Then, if necessary, we will expand this list. Types of operating systems. Of course, the typologies can vary, okay? I more than types, because of course, types according to what ordering criterion. Well, the main current operating systems on the desktop are Windows, obviously, MacOS and Linux. With what, with what frequency difference? Well, stat counter global stats is a statistics page that I like quite a bit for this. So I'm going to see operating system only desktop region. Okay, let's take Spain ah or P Spain and I want it from January 2009 to August 2025. And what we see is this here, okay? What we see is that Windows is still the majority. Little by little it is going down. OSX, which is the purple line. Little by little it has been rising over the decades, it seems that little by little Apple is eating away at its market share, but it is still far from that 60-something percent. Linux is very low. Linux on desktop operating systems has a very low share. Okay? So Windows is the majority in slow decline. Macos is a minority. This is a minority but slowly growing and Linux on desktop, in desktop environments is very much a minority. Okay? In mobile environments we obviously have Android and iOS. So I come to edit the graph and now I want mobile. If you want, let's leave the tablet topic aside for a bit, okay? Tablets, unfortunately, have not had the success that was expected of them, but well, Google arrived a little late to the market, but when it arrived it ate up the entire market share. 75%. 75%. Eh, iOS came first, but then I had to compete, so I got 25% of the market share. And then we have very minority systems, right? We had Simbian, but obviously, in the end, the ones that have remained in the market are, as you know, Android and iOS, right? And then we have server operating systems, meaning the desktop is the machine that your users are going to be using to view applications. mobiles, the mobiles with which they will see your applications if they are optimized for it or applications or web applications. And operating systems on the server are the server where your applications will be hosted. What is the current fee? Well, we have Linux with approximately 70% and we have Windows Server with, well, 30% or so. Years ago, Apple also had the Mac OS Server, but then they removed it from the market because they couldn't, let's say, handle that market share. So I'm going to say GPT chat, I'm going to say server-side OS share. Let's see it. Of course, it depends a lot on how you define the server. Okay, very good. It's true. Let's see. Linux has it, let's see. Oh, look, Linux has approximately 62.7, that is, mixing everything, putting everything there in a barrech, but okay, I like it. Good. I 60 and 2.7%.7%. Okay, so Windows Server has a, let's see. Well, and the rest is gone for Windows and such. Let's see this here. Okay. And server, server server. Yeah, but server no server, right? For example, well, look, depending on who you ask, they might say 88% and Windows 11. Okay, so, let's put 80 and 20. So, what happens? Well, on the desktop, obviously, we have to know Windows, but we also have to know that there are a lot of people using macOS, so we might need to have some way to test our programs on macOS or to test our websites on macOS. to see how they look, because the point is not that you publish a website and that's it, the point is that you then have to see how people will see it. In terms of mobile, yes, Android is 75%, but a 25% market share is not insignificant. And in terms of servers, well, 80% of the time you'll end up using a Linux server, but Windows Servers also have a 20% market share, which means that it 's also important to know, well, all these operating systems. Okay, let's wrap things up today. We are going to finish today. I'm going to skip unit four a bit. We will talk about types of applications, licenses, and types of licenses. Which two licenses? 001 types of pund licenses. What two types of licenses do you think exist in operating systems? What do you say? There are two main types: proprietary licenses and free software licenses. Proprietary licenses that are effectively closed software, right? Which are specific to Windows and Mac OS. and Unix, etc., and the free software licenses that apply to other operating systems such as Linux, Free BSD and similar ones. At this point, of course, with proprietary licenses, I'm going to do what none of you have ever done, which is a Windows license, right? Windows License. Okay, let's see. It is the legal permission. Microsoft Windows, licensing resources, license terms. Let's see, okay? Microsoft Software License Terms OK? And here are the terms that govern use, what you can do and what you can't do with a Microsoft license, with a Windows license. Okay? Okay. I'm going to copy it here, I'm going to paste it. You've been using Windows your whole life, and I'll bet you 've never even read the operating system license. MacOS user license. Nobody does. Nobody does. Okay, so legal, Mac software license agreement for the Mac Pro. But wait a minute, I don't want external pages, I want a software license agreement. Software license agreements. Come on, there are licenses. Now, Macosta Taho, for example, or Mac Server, okay? Whatever. Mao, who is the last one, and I do this, okay? and I stick it to myself. Macos Windows, okay? And here we have the license terms that I'm going to see if they continue to include. By the way, it's 895 little pages of nothing. I mean, theoretically before using a Mac you have to have read this legal agreement for Okay, there's a part, let's see if they still put it, right? Let's see, let's see. And here, here, here, here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, it says you can't deploy Apple apps for systems related to air traffic control, life support, or weapons systems. Okay, there was a little note here years ago in the license agreement, at least in 2010, which is that it prevented you from using a Mac if you were going to use it to develop weapons of mass destruction, which you said, well, I hadn't thought about that, but it's good to know. Okay? Good. And then, what is the license for Windows, for Linux, sorry? Well, it's the GPL license. The GPL license is here. Come on, here it is. Okay, onto licenses, and just a moment here, public license in HTML format. Okay, so when do you use free software or when you, well, who would use a Mac to make machines of mass destruction or to make weapons of mass destruction? Technically, any computer can be used to make a weapon of mass destruction. Why not? I mean, if someone likes Mac and is comfortable in that environment, I don't see why not. That is, you can do the same thing with Windows, Mac, or Linux. Okay, so this is the GPL3 license. So, from here on, it 's important that you start reading these licenses because no, but no, not necessarily a Linux or a Windows is better than a Mac for making a weapon. In the end it's the same. In the end, at a programmer level, they really do exactly the same thing. At a user level, there will be people who prefer Windows, Mac, or Linux, but at a programmer level, you can really program and implement with any of the three, and you can do whatever you want. So, the idea is this and with this I end today's class, which is the next one. You are going to make software. Right now we're learning, we're taking the first steps and right now the only thing you're worried about, let's say, is learning how to program, okay? learn to program, how the language works and all that, but later on, when you finish software, when you finish programs, you will want to launch them, you will want to communicate them, you will want to publish them and when that moment comes, that's when you're going to be interested in knowing the types of software licenses there are, because that way you'll be able to know how you can distribute your programs, what you have rights to, what obligations you have. and have read other software licenses, as this may be useful to you. What I'm showing you are operating system licenses. Then there are software licenses, which are slightly different, but have a lot in common, right? So, since we're in this section, in this teaching unit number two on installing operating systems, that's why I'm telling you, we're going to read about operating system licenses and later on, obviously, we'll talk about software licenses, okay? With this, we'll stop this subject today, okay? Because the next day, installation procedure, then comes the process of how to install an operating system step by step. We'll use virtualization, we'll use Virtual Box, which you 've probably used in your intermediate level, and if not, you'll see how easy it is to use. And what we'll do is install different operating systems, both Windows and Linux, on the machine you have, and we'll see how, thanks to these virtualization technologies, we can experiment, we can play, and we can test different operating systems within our own computer. Okay? Well,