Okay, and starting with multimedia. Let's go to second. Let's go to second. Okay, we're in multimedia, we're in game engines, okay? We had here, let's see, areas of specialization, libraries used, programming languages. Okay, let's talk. Ah, this is ah, frame's trick. Okay. Okay. Well, just a moment. Engine components. Grid elements. Okay, libraries that provide the basic functions. Okay, just a moment. Let's get to this point. Let's go to point 007, study of existing games, 101 and exercises. Okay? So I ask you, you'll say, "Oh, what a cool subunit. It's supposed to be just about watching video games, right? No way, you have to program each and every one of them, right? 001 introduction.md, ms no md and I'll say, "Okay, what types of games do you know?" Not what games do you know, but what types of games do you know. I mean, up until now we've been worrying about, Okay, great. An RPG, okay? Uh, very good. 2D or 3D, which is another way of categorizing games, okay? A MOBA, platformer, okay? What else? Shooters, okay? Shooters that are FPS/TPS like Battle Royale. Okay, what else? Capture the Flag. Okay, what else are there? Tower Defense Arcade types of games. All right. Okay, let's start with this. Strategy. I was going to say RLE, but role playing game. It 's already up there in RPG. Okay, Tell me a little bit about this. We have different types of games, and then, for example, we have 2D, 3D, that is, each of these can be 2D or it can be 3D or it can be, in fact, 2.5D. Okay, let's talk about it. So far, we've been working with 2D games with Canvas or 3D with AAMe. Now we're also going to talk a little bit about 2.5D. And uh, and well, and then, for example, in types of views, in platforms, let's see, in views we have a frontal platform or we also have a top-down view seen from above. So, from a projection point of view, it can be 2D, 3D, and such. From a view point of view, it can be a frontal platform, such. From a gameplay point of view, they can be RPGs, they can be MOBAs. It can be platform shooters, okay? Or shoot map, which shoot map is basically shooting everything that gets in front of you, okay? It can be Battle Royale, Capture the Flag, arcade, Strategy. In all of them, in all of these gameplay elements, there are a series of common functions. I'm going to group these where we have common conditions. Mind you, then we have sandbox games, open-world games, we have construction games, we have educational games. Wait a minute. We have serious games, okay? Then we have Fran, and then we have on-screen games or in virtual reality or augmented reality. Okay, let's talk about this too. Right? In fact, over here in a moment, oh, no, sorry, in interfaces, we were pending, I think, to talk about augmented reality, which I don't think we did anything about. Now, let's do augmented reality in interfaces. Okay. Uh, this over here, okay? And then from the device's point of view, well, we have computer games, keyboard, computer games, mouse, keyboard, console games, mobile games, okay? That is, there are multiple ways to categorize a game. As I was saying, they all have a series of common conditions, such as the start condition, how you start the game. game, the success condition and the failure condition, death. From there, what you have to do is define how the game starts, how you win this game or how you win or how you progress. Sometimes the objective isn't to win, but if there's no objective to win, there must be an objective to progress. And what is the failure condition? Death. Condition in which you lose the game and start over. That said, uh, oh, this word isn't coming out. Frustration, frustration management. A game that's too easy makes the user lose interest. It doesn't pose a challenge and a game that's too difficult makes the user get frustrated and abandon, which means that developing a game is more complex than it might seem at first. Then, also within the field of serious games, this leads us to gamification applied to any other area. Okay? Yes, correct. And this also leads us to the social factor versus the individual factor. There are people, uh, calm down. Just a moment, indeed. Okay. And then the rest of the applications that we develop, the We develop for adults. That is, when we make a business management system and create an invoicing program, we don't think about children for obvious reasons, because it doesn't seem possible that a child would operate our application. And even if a child did operate our application, we're not going to put anything in a table or a form. Hello, what's up? Okay, hello. Well, tell me if we do n't know if you've already sent the exam schedules. To the first years, yes, but not to the second years yet, I'm with them right now. But for SMR, right? Not for SMR. Of course. Oh, so there was a specific exam time, it can't be changed there. No problem. Okay, okay, no problem. The only thing is whatever you modify, then send me an email so I have an Excel spreadsheet so I know. Oh, okay. Yes, yes, but in the exam table, that exam was already at the correct time, right? Or what? There was one in the second. Oh, okay, wait, give me a second one. Okay, no, But listen to me, I've only sent it to DAM, but even if we had sent it to SMR, if they send you another email, guys, I'm really sorry. There's a change and that's it, nothing happens. Oh, wait, wait. Of course. Uh, spreadsheet. Here's the second-year English exam. It was posted, right? No, yes, yes, I changed the colors. Ah, okay. Tuesday. Okay, okay. Just a moment, just a moment. Okay, okay. So it was posted on Thursday the 13th at 6. Ah, okay, okay, okay, okay. Well, okay. And then that one goes at 5. The English ones aren't like in class. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. But, but, I mean, I'm moving English to 5. But, which one goes at 6? Montage, I mean, okay, okay, okay, right. Okay, wait a second, I'll share this sheet with you. Yes. Okay. And I'll share it right now and you have it, editor. Okay, there you go. Okay, come on, you guys. Sure. Yes, yes, sure. I mean, let's see, there's an assessment. Okay, okay, okay. Let's see, there's an exam that day, okay? Now, what you do that day is submit projects and complete phases, whatever you want. Okay, okay, okay, okay. The only thing is that the students have to come here and they have to submit those phases, but other than that, whatever you want. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, nothing, calm down. So far. Okay, guys, well, these are the exam schedules, okay? I'll email them to you later. I communicated them to the first year a little while ago during first-year hours, and now I'll email them to you later, okay? Okay, then I'll close here for a moment and we'll see. Miguel Ángel asks, okay? The very question—that's a very good question. The question is that most games are frustrating for the user, but it's about managing frustration. Uh, how? What would I tell you? I'm going to give you an example that may be a bit specific, but it's a somewhat real example, okay? I don't know if you have a dog. Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute. No, of course, then if you stop playing, I don't know if you have a dog, but when you have a dog, uh, as a human being you have to manage the dog's frustration, okay? For example, when you're playing with the dog and you know that if you throw the ball too quickly, you know the dog is going to get bored, but you also know that, uh, because dogs have a lower tolerance limit for frustration than humans, quite a bit lower, you know that if you show a dog the ball for too long and do n't throw it, eventually the dog is going to get angry. Okay? Why? Because they don't know how to control frustration, let's say. They don't have, dogs have many good things, but patience is not one of them. Human beings, in the end, in a way, for game developers, we are like those dogs, okay? I mean, what they do is play with Our frustration, measure frustration, okay? So, if you get frustrated, but you're left with that aftertaste of, "Damn, if I try again I'm sure I'll get it." Then they've already, okay, they've already hooked you. And if the victories bring little satisfaction, but not zero satisfaction, in that case they've already hooked you, okay? And that's a very complex issue, I mean, how to hook the user's attention and satisfaction, no, it's not very difficult, I insist. I mean, let me tell you, uh, if you look at my social media and go back a few years, you'll see that from 2015 to 2019, right? 2019. In those four years, my professional activity was as a professor in a master's degree in video game development, that is, video game programming at UA School, in Valencia. And what you're saying was the most difficult, I mean, the user's attention, the pace of the game, the pace of the animations, which didn't neither too slow nor too fast, okay? And that, I'll tell you, I insist, remember what I'm telling you, is much more difficult than it might appear and it's very difficult to get right. Just like, for example, when you make a business management application, well, you know that the client is waiting for your application, okay? They're waiting to start using it. With video games, there's a lot of competition. The user is very, so to speak, loyal. I mean, if they don't like your game, they automatically switch to another one and nothing happens, okay? Eh, and as I'm telling you, and capturing a community and building loyalty and keeping them hooked, that is, I insist, extremely difficult. Then also in those years when I was a professor of the video game master's degree, well, at the beginning, at the beginning the students were from the beginning of the master's degree, the first month of I pirate all the games and the last month they were from, damn, people don't want to pay for games because they pirate, so how am I going to release a Game? And then I said, look how you've changed, that at the beginning of the month you thought like users and didn't care about pirating games, and in the last month of the master's degree you think like developers and it already pisses you off that people pirate games and don't pay for them, okay? Or uh or let's say the games, the vast majority are free at first and you have to start with free games to get people hooked and to get them to want to pay, let's say, for one of your games. I tell you, I mean, with you I have a subject where only two topics are about video games, but for four years of my life I dedicated the entire year to this and believe me, it's harder than it might initially seem. Okay, and now, once we've done an initial analysis, considering that in previous days we've worked with 2D games and we've worked a bit with 3D games, we're going to uh develop some examples of 2.5D games. When I say games, what I mean, in this case, the other day they showed me an application. Ah, wait, I'll tell you, I 'll tell you that application. And David, wait. And David and uh David and uh N8N N8N this and make make make make automation AT. He showed me an application. I think it was this, okay? It was an automation application where the graphics, instead of being in, let's say, a 2D view, were in a 3D view, but isometric, okay? The 3D isometric view is a view that is easy to handle in 2D, but that allows you to represent a third dimension. Okay? Let's go for it. Let's see that the isometric view has a series of lines where they are placed at this was 30, 120 and 240 gr, I think I remember. Let's go for it. So before that, grid. html and let's see this, what is it? Oh, I had seen a rhinoplasty insert somewhere and such. Okay, so let's see. Doc type HTML head body. Okay, and then I'm going to create a canvas and of canvas eh, I don't know, with is equal to 1024. No, let's do it right. This is a canvas. Okay, now script. And now pay attention because your brain is going to turn upside down. Now you'll see. Now in the script I say eh bar canvas is equal to document. Query selector canvas and bar context is equal to canvas. Context 2D. Okay. And the thing is that eh let's see a moment, okay? Canvas dot wid is equal to 1024 and canvas dot he is equal to 1024. Okay, now next, now I draw a grid and then I say for let x is = a 0 x is less than 1024 x + equal to I don't know 10. In this case what I'm going to do is draw an orthographic grid. So I say eh context dot beginat context dot move to and I can really take advantage of both to do the following. X comma no 0 x context dot line 1024x context dot stroke and what this does, let's see it. Local host Dam multimedia engines free Free, free study. Grid exercises, and we have this, it looks like it's colored, right? I mean, my color blindness is already fooling me. Let's say plus equals 20 if you want a little more separation. Now next, I say, well, these are the horizontals and these are the verticals. So I copy and say this is x0 and x1024. So I reload and I have an orthographic grid. But now next, and here comes the thing, what I want is to collapse this grid. And I want to collapse this grid, and for that, there are two ways to do it. There's the pure trigonometric way, which gives us a real isometric grid, but it's a pain. The reason it's a pain is because you have to do a lot of trigonometric calculations, and the second way is a fake isometric grid. So I come over here and convert to real isometric, eh, sin, and fake isometric easy calculations. Okay, so I come over here, 003 isometric. Let's see it. I'm going to show the code in Sinencos, but then we're going to stick with the fake isometric, okay? Because it's much simpler. Let's see. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Keep original code, just change eh grid drawing. Okay, I say this because I was getting into GUI styles, line function, right? Okay, I mean, then we might make a line function, but I want to have the code as I had it, but alone, okay? This, this, okay? This is the real isometric grid. And here we're basically going to see it here. And here basically what we do is calculate the sine and cosine of each of the steps. Okay? This is, as I said, the real isometric grid. The problem with this is that you see that there is a use of sine and cosine, and when in a game we refresh 60 times per second, calculating trigonometrically the sine and cosine, I assure you, is difficult. Okay, I come this way, I come this way, I calculate isometric, and there we have the grid. Isometric. It's a little hidden from me, no problem. Now let's get to it, okay? So, this is the real isometric. And now the fake version is this one, oh, careful. The fake version fakes that step. Let's see it. eh isometric, faked, faked. Okay. Okay. So I reload. Oh, no no no no. No, uh, no. Fake isometric seems rotated 90 degrees. Please keep align with a ground plane. Let's see. Okay, full code, please. Okay, this is the function, the simple projection of two to one. That's the projection. Okay, let's see it. Now, that's the point. Okay, the important thing about this code is this here, where you provide an i and a j, it turns into an object with an x ​​and a y. Let's test it. Let's test it. Let's say, for example, console. log ISO of I don't know. Okay, 100.1. We reload and it tells us, "Okay, so 100,100 equals x512 and 2512, right? Whatever. Where did he put me? Where did you put my context center path 5121 by 512? No, but I don't want this. Now I want to draw a character and what I want is to check if the character moves correctly in isometric. 005 character. And now I'm going to do the following. Let's see. Uh, class character class character is function constructor and I say dis. X = 0 and dis. And it's ig 0, okay? A builder. Okay. Good. Now, bar character equals new character. In fact, since this is an instance of an object, we're going to put it in this. Okay? And now and now draw is the same X And I'm going to do this. Okay, wait a minute. Arc. And here's the thing. Let's see. Let ISO equals ISO. This is not cool. Uh, ISO point is equal to ISO of X and y. So this is ISO point of X and this is ISO point of Y. If this goes well, 0 and 0 equal 0 and 0.0. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Let's go there. Okay, I say character dot draw. Let's see how this went. Character has already been declared on line 28. Ah. Ah. Wow, wow. I can't, I can't, I can't. Character one equals new character. Okay, come on, there. And this was it. Okay. Where is the character? Well, I don't know. It'll be around here somewhere. Let's see it. Now, then I say, "Okay, character. I told you, the grid will be up there. Let me see something. Consol. ISO ISO of, I don't know, 40, 50, 30, right? Uh, 40, 0. [ __ ], no, 10, 10. I like that better. Okay, let's tell him that the initial position is 10, 10. Where are you? Where are you? I can't see you. You should Character 1. Draw. Ah, yeah. Ah, sorry, sorry, sorry. Dis. X dis. Y. Okay. No, no, no, no. Dis punx. [ __ ]. Disdot y Why don't you take it? Why? Because this can't be put here. This is dis dot x and 10.Y. No. On what line? Oh, [ __ ], here. Okay. Okay, there's the character. Okay, the interesting thing, you'll say, "Okay, you've drawn a dot on the screen, now what?" Okay, the interesting thing is that Now I'm going to move the character, and when I move the character, you're going to check how that character will be stuck to the isometric grid. So I come here 006, capture, and enclose. Okay? What do I mean by enclose? Well, of course, the entire grid-drawing function would have to be in a function. So, function draw grid, draw grids. All of this, draw grids, I enclose all of this in a function, that 's the function. This stays. Okay, but now I say, uh, wait a moment, I'm concentrating. document on k down is equal to function and I'm going to say function event and I say switch eventk case case w let's do one thing break case s let's do something else. Case A. Let's do something else. Case D. Okay, then, next I say character one dot X + more. Uh, let's test the X. character dot X - men character y + more and character 1 and men and at the very end character, well, first I draw, grid, and character 1dja, that is, I draw a grid. It clears the background, draws parallel lines, draws parallel lines, but the important thing in all of this is the heart of this project, it's this function, the function that converts from orthographic to fake isometric. Okay, so now I come over here, capture and enclose. Okay. Oh, yeah, sorry. Okay. And now I do this. And I don't know if you see it, but the ball moves on the grid. In fact, this is backwards. W is minus minus and this is plus plus. Okay? So I do this, and now I have a game in which I can move on an isometric grid. Of course. What happens? Well, now what we're going to do is mix this with what we learned about sprites at the time, only today the sprites aren't going to be—uh, they 're not going to be orthographic, but rather they're going to be isometric. I think I have sprites from previous courses around here in Drive. Not sprites. This is mine. Sprites. Okay. 19. No. And my sprite. Well, no because it's not isometric. Well, I'm going to look for isometric spread sheet. images, okay? A simple one, one that has four sprites for elements. Okay, okay. PNG transparent. I'm going to try entering GPT. Create sprite sheet character only for sprites horizontal eh directions northwest north east southwest south east and it's the four directions of an isometric character, that is, northwest, northeast, southwest, southeast. Let's see. Oh, wait a second. Let's see if it generates them for me. Look, wait a second.