Okay, before we continue, what I 'm going to do is wrap things up. Aside from the fact that we'll now reconnect to the server, I'm going to close things because otherwise I'll have a billion things open here. Okay, this is not necessary. This is not necessary. Okay, this is not necessary. It's under control. Okay. Ah, indeed, if I do so. Ah, look how good. Look how good. Look, look, look how interesting this is. If I leave the screen still, as I am transmitting the screen, that means that consumption, I will take a screenshot because this interests me. The bandwidth consumption is, look, look at it, it's fixed, but if I now move the screen, I consume more bandwidth because I'm moving the video, which is very cool. Okay. Okay. And let's see what the renderer looks like. Look, OBS takes up 700 megabytes and Chrome rendering takes up two, well, 2,220 megabytes. Okay, okay, perfect. Very good. Virtual Box is running. Okay, I'll turn this off for now. I'm going to remove VPS. Salmon, this is staying, obviously. Development environments, Ubuntu Server, GitHub commands. Okay, that's it. Come on, now let's start. Let's start and we'll go back to Heit and we'll go to, let's see it, we'll go to informa systems. Uh, no, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a minute, wait a minute. Now it's time for an intermodular project. Now it's time for an intermodular project. Okay, perfect. Well, here we go. Okay, let's go first, let's go to the intermodular project. Very good. We're going to exercises. And last week we were doing this, we were listening on port 80. Uh, no, we're on that in the next class. The rest of you hear me, you see me, I am heard, Darío and Sandro. Yes, okay. Well, let's see. Okay, no problem. Daro and Sandro. Hey, and Sandro, do you hear and see me? If you don't see and hear me, leave and come back in, okay? What it is, no problem, it's the great classic of videoconferences, apart from even in the message I sent you before, okay? So go out and come back in. Let's see. Okay. And now Ramón will come in a moment. Let's wait a moment, Ramón. Okay, we have Ramón here now. Now, Ramón, I think you'll still hear me, but you won't see my screen. We'll still see it. Let's see, Ramón. Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. Let's see it. I wonder if I've lost connection, but it seems not. You can hear me, you can hear me, hello, hello. Yes. Let's see if I've lost connection. I'm going to open WhatsApp to see if you're telling me anything there. Let's see, there are one. Let's see. Hello. Please confirm when you can. Ah, okay, okay. Okay, well, let's continue. Okay, then, then, let's see. Okay, so what I was saying, the other day we were doing a microblog where in the microblog what we did was first article, second article, third article and so on. Okay, so today in the next exercise what I want, this is called an intermodular project and the intermodular project is about connecting modules. So what I'm going to do is connect the programming subject with the database subject to do things from there, okay? Things like, for example, as I say, creating a microblog. Let's go there. Let's go there. Now I'm going to create 002 connection, eh programming and SQL. So for that, so for that. And hello, what's up? Account. Tell me. Yes, I'm in class. Tell me. Or the micro stop. Yeah. Okay, guys, one second, give me a moment.