Uh, today's class is really the objective, let's see, today I'll tell you, today the idea was from four to six uh business management systems, the theory, from six to seven is uh intermodular project. So, in principle, today's class is until 7. What happens is that yesterday I said that what I wanted was to have the objective of installing Odo and making some minimal component and that somehow Fran and Luis when they see the video and Josué don't know anything, although well, well, I sent it to the company anyway. It was so that they have the information to know, in view of the interview with the internship company, whether they get involved in Odo's mess or not, okay? And just a quick look to see what it looks like and how to do things within ODO, right? Uh, so that's why I said yesterday that if we had n't met that goal by 7, then we would continue until whatever time was needed, okay? Since that objective has been met, well, we'll finish the 7 now. That said, I want to say, ask me as many questions as necessary to ensure that this concept is tied down. And from there, the idea, Fran, is that you'll also be there this weekend, based more on what we've discussed, touching things, trying things out, modifying things, tinkering, okay? So from there on Monday you and I can talk again and you can tell me on Monday, okay? And on Monday you tell me, "Hey, I'm thinking about it, I like Odó's stuff." Let's get to the point. Okay? First, the internal programming and whether you're interested in using ODO as a business management system. Disadvantage, because it is a system that we have not programmed. advantage, as we saw yesterday, because it is a famous system, right? From there on, on Monday you can tell me, "Hey, I've been looking at it and I don't feel like tying myself to a software for three months of internships, so only you can make that final decision from a technological point of view and from a Claro point of view, what's going on?" Well, in the end, eh, I insist, eh, Fran, on Monday, with what you tell me, I'll do it because, apart from that, eh, let me tell you, I have two practice groups to place as DAM, okay? What's going on? I'll give you guys priority, okay? With which I want to tell you with this that you do n't feel bad about saying no to me, because if you say no to me, I, well, you and Luis, because the two of you are, let's say, competing for the same internship position, I don't have much of an idea, I'm not very clear about whether we're competing or not, because I don't know if they'll take one or two, but I want to tell you that you don't feel bad about saying no at some point, because if you say no to me, I'll give him the position. I mean, the company to the other group, right? To DAM group number two and that's it. I mean, there's no problem, don't worry, the company isn't going to die, so to speak. But that's what I'm telling you, okay? This group has preference. What I have first, I give first to this group. That said, that said, okay? This is to take the pressure off you and so you know that the decision is in your hands. Eh, having said that, of course, I see that you, Fran, from what we've been talking about, not just these days, but also from what we talked about last year, you're a person very interested in business management systems and in billing systems and business management systems. And from that perspective, in the same way we did today, because today with the XML issue, well, you can have a bit of, as I would say, a brain explosion, a bit of a blowout, this can be done. That is, we can define the models with an XML, right? I insist, this is the Jango model from many years ago. In the same way that you have learned this today and this knowledge of designing interfaces with XML and creating both the view and the model from XML can give you very good ideas for designing your own business management systems, ODO, that is, spending 3 months chewing on ODO, can also give you very good ideas for later, right? or stay in ODO and specialize in ODO and specialize in providing service to ODO or then continue designing your own business management systems, as you already know I encourage you, but take everything that you see that works well in ODO, what you mentioned before that you really liked the module system and implement it in your software and see what is not a [ __ ] nightmare and not implement it in your software because you already know that those kinds of things, x things do not work well, okay? I tell you, I insist, pros and cons and you decide, okay? As for example, LinkedIn Jobs, or Vale, well, let's see. No, but this is the ODO company, right? This isn't this, okay? Although there are currently 166 vacancies. How brutal. I didn't know this. [ __ ]. 166 vacancies. Ah, okay, but no, no. Yes, yes. What things. It seems like a lot of vacancies, but well, I didn't expect this. Okay, so I had followed. Ah, no, this is here. Here. Odo has published 176 examples. Okay, that's interesting. Oh, no, okay. Ah, no, yes, yes. Hear, hear, hear. I mean, this will be companies that use ODO, but I'm not seeing what ODO is. I'm telling you, how outrageous. Which matches, which matches what we saw yesterday, okay? Or software, Spain itself, from 2004 until today, right? And this is what there is. I'm telling you, okay? Luis, and you decide, I tell you, I tell you, Luis, if you decide, Miguel Ángel, more than anything because of what we've said these days and these weeks, that you're on an old-fashioned plan, that is, when the month of March arrives, okay? Before March, around January, around there, I will speak with all of you who are on the old plan, especially because you, Miguel Ángel, are obliged to do the FCTs, so just like Luis, Fran and Josué, they can and should start their internships now, okay? Theoretically they can delay them until March, but I don't recommend it at all, okay? But you, in this case, Miguel Ángel, I mean that it seems like I'm ignoring you, but I'm not ignoring you, but simply that I have a series of students who are from a new plan and I have to place those from a new plan now. And then I have other students from Plan Viejo who attend the FCTs from March to May and therefore it's, in quotes, nonsense, okay? I say nonsense, to use a word, because you should find a company now when you won't start until March, because apart from that, what happens every year happens. That is, if I call a company to say, "Hey, I'll send you a student in 15 days, the company says, "Okay, tell me." If I send, if I call a company and say, "I'll call you to place a student who will start in March, the company always tells me, "We'll talk in January, in January or February." Okay, that's why I'm telling you that I'm not going to mention anything to those of you who are old-schoolers because even if I wanted to place you, it's going to be pretty impossible, okay? And that and that. So from the point of view, okay? We were talking earlier about Fran's particular interests, okay? Now, from the point of view in which we are right now, let's say, within the subject of intermodular project, well, in intermodular project in the end what we have to do is, as we mentioned before, each one develops a project. I'm going to go to intermodular project 2, I'm going to go to any of the sections. Okay, so let's wait a moment. Yes, yes, yes, Fran. I'm right there. Yes, try it. Yeah. Oh, man, I didn't know you were staying close to home. Well, I didn't know that. Ah, but of course, Fran. Ah, well, 23 minutes from home. Of course, because you lived in the southern area, in the southern populated area of ​​Valencia in Silla. Exact. Okay. So I take it you're getting the A7, right? Chair and well, I hadn't controlled that issue. From Silla to Alcudia, which I don't know if it's the Alcudia of Crespins or who. And yes, well, 36 minutes or so, yes. I do n't know if it's Alcudia, Alcudia de Crespins or I don't know what. Ah, the normal Alcudia. Okay. And the Alcudia. Now yes. Okay. And indeed there it is. Well, that's it, well, I'm telling you, in fact, what you just put in your message, Fran, is literally what it is, okay? And it's literally what I told you the other day, which is think about it, look at it, install it, play with it, try it, and the decision is yours. And I tell you, and nothing happens at all. Keep in mind that in this situation, the frying pan is, I mean, you have a bit of the upper hand because a company, which I think I mentioned to you today, a company that is in Alcudia, well, with all my respect and affection for the people of Alcudia, it probably won't get as many candidates as a company that is in Valencia, okay? So, both Luis and you have the strength to do so. But indeed, Fran, within that, I mean, I know what your interests and your projects are and all that, uh, and not only do I know it, but I also celebrate it, the flexibility and the initiative you have to create software and all that, okay? And of course, giving yourself three months of internships, during which those three months would be tied to a specific software like ODO, isn't frustrating anymore, okay? But it is something you have to be aware of, as it would take three months, I insist, either to specialize in that software and then dedicate yourself to it, or three months to get ideas that you then put into your software. If you approach it that way and it works for you, let's go ahead. And if for whatever reason you say, "[ __ ], I'm going to die of [ __ ] disgust with the ear of the lame people in three months, well, that's it, nothing happens, we move on to another company, I'm telling you, there are other candidate companies and nothing happens, okay?" And as I was saying, well, that's it, from the point of view of the intermodular project 2, let's see, we were here the other day in previous weeks, okay? Prioritization of needs. Okay. Tax obligations. One moment. Okay. Okay. Moment. Sequencing of the Now I am in intermodular project. Okay. Analysis. Intervention planning. Okay. Determination of resources. evaluation planning. Okay. Okay, I'll tell you. I'm going to go back and see for a moment. And Correct, correct, correct, Fran, I totally agree with that. Yes, yes. No, that's why, that's why what I want is for this weekend, I mean, I leave you alone and you evaluate everything, effectively. But it's actually the same thing I've been telling you all since the first day of first year in the databases class: that the databases class is always the least popular, but at the same time, it has advantages. Uh, this morning I was going to a class and uh, I mean, I was with some students to whom I was teaching, I mean, I was giving them databases and there was another teacher next to me who was like, "Ugh, databases, what a drag." And then another professor who was standing next to him, who didn't know anything, I'll tell you, this professor doesn't know anything about databases because he's not a computer scientist, but he said, "Yeah, but okay, it's a good idea to specialize in what's difficult, because what's difficult is what people study the least and is what companies ask for the most." And I'm telling you, I turned around and I was like, "Wow, yeah, you know? Well, that's a very concise way of putting it. So that, in this case, ODO, well, as we've seen, it's on the rise. So, well, it's kind of disgusting to death in ODO. When I say disgusting, it's things like what we've seen today, right? Why the hell do you redo an interface system when HTML already exists, which is the standard for interfaces. But anyway, one for the other, okay? I'm not saying anything there, I'll let you do your thing for the weekend and you, okay? And you'll see. Okay, then, I'll tell you, okay? As for planning the evaluation, okay? Once we've proposed, let's say, a project, let's see, of course, that's it, but you remember that what you just said doesn't seem right to me, okay? In fact, I think what you just said is really bad, Fran, because, I mean, I do n't want you to sell your soul to Google by improving YouTube and making the Americans stronger, no, Fran. I mean, what I want is for you to create YouTube. And yes, yes, you already knew that, you already knew that. What I want is for you to create the Spanish YouTube, okay? And create the Spanish Google, but you already knew I was going to say this, okay? I think you said it to provoke me. Okay, so, at this specific point in evaluation planning, it sounds bad, okay? Because if you do a project, how are you going to evaluate that project? So, to explain this point, I'm going to explain it to you. It's perfect for me, thank goodness, considering something that's been happening to me these days. You see, you know that I'm using artificial intelligence software, and you already know that my project, Intermodular 2, is artificial intelligence software for educational centers, okay? And you know that software, I'm going to put it here. 001evaluación.md md and I say, I have an AI software for educational centers, it's called, you know it, eval.jocarsa.com, okay? It's like not assuming that the software is already built, not that it's built, okay? It's not an assumption and it does several things, but let's say it does two things. One prepares exercises with artificial intelligence and here comes the problem. Okay, it does it with the Quen engine because when I started designing it, which was the last weeks of August, well, uh, it seemed to me to be the best engine, but I made a mistake here in class, I'm telling you, and that is that, uh, I did n't consider alternatives, okay? And then it evaluates uh with Quen, it calls and and which one else do I use. You have it in the corrections. Uh, Chinese calls and and gema, the one from Google. Okay, here I did consider alternatives and in fact I took the plunge because the first days of the tests I evaluated with Quen and I said, "Look, I don't trust it." Okay, the Regarding the topic of preparing exercises, well, okay, but I need that if a student is evaluated, that they are evaluated in the best possible way, okay? So, what I did next was to put in three different artificial intelligences, like let's say three different people, and give you the best grade, okay? Which in fact is usually the one that gives the best grade. From here on, from here on, I only tried these three alternatives. What am I finding? I'm finding that some of the exercises slip up from time to time, okay? Statements that from time to time you tell me, "Hey, this statement I'm getting is weird or it asks for strange things or it's not appropriate." And there are times when I say, "No, no, no, it's correct, read it better." But there are other times when I say, "No, no, no, it's messed up, tell me what activity it is and I'll delete it and regenerate it." Okay? And then the evaluation that I keep tweaking as the students give me feedback. Okay, the evaluation of Every now and then, either she doesn't reason correctly, or, let's say, she takes points off for things she shouldn't. So yesterday morning, a student looked at me with her laptop and said, "Hey, he said something during the marking." And I said, "Damn, he shouldn't have told you that." Okay, so, so I came here, I came to Eval, I came to useful, I came to Evalúa. Here it is, okay? And I said, " Students are not required to title their submission. Don't take away points for this reason." Okay? Because a student said, "He took away points because he told me I didn't include a title, when at no point in the evaluation rubric does it say that I have to include a title." And I told her, "Well look, no, he made up the title thing there and simply for future evaluations, I tell him, don't take away points for not including a title." Okay? This is what I mean by evaluation. I mean, evaluation sounds strange in that you evaluate your own project and then you'll say, "Well, I evaluate the project and what do I do? I give myself a 10, I give myself a five, I give myself a seven." It's not that. It's evaluation as uh introspection and continuous improvement. What is one of the tasks that I'm going to do this weekend? And what I 'm going to tell you is, I swear, 100% real. Well, this weekend I'm doing an evaluation task. Yes, yes, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. It's that, that, that, Fran. That's exactly what you 're saying is what I'm referring to, okay? Where step number one, we'll talk now, okay? What you're saying is step number two. He always tells me, "The conclusion is brief and you have to do such and such." And sometimes it's true, but sometimes there are students who come to me and say, "Hey, it's just that, damn, I've made an effort." And I read this and say, "It's true, I mean, there's the artificial intelligence." Well, whether you like it or not, you like it or not, it's doing, I insist, 99% of things right, but that 1% of things that it does wrong, well, it attacks you a little, okay? Which seems fine to me. So, localhost/eval/admin. I also think that's why, so that you know that I have it here, okay? This here that is sending to the trash and adding human evaluation, okay? So that you can always rest assured that the human It can do more than the machine, right? Let's see. Okay. Okay. Introduction 20, okay? And it doesn't give you 25. I know, I know, I know. I'm telling you, I have a lot of students like that. Conclusion 18, the conclusion is brief and links to the unit, although it could be more detailed. Okay, so, Fran, what's happening? Well, evaluation, okay? I simply have to continuously evaluate the development, okay? The performance of my application. I evaluate the performance, uh, I analyze the deficiencies, the shortcomings or the opportunities for improvement and I plan how to evaluate and analyze and how to improve. What am I going to do? I insist, I mean, this isn't just talk. I swear I'm going to do this this weekend. I haven't done it during the week because life doesn't allow me, okay? But I'm going to do it on the weekend, which is when I have more hours. What I 'm going to do is, I'm going to take a series of uh, sample of one or more. I said before, okay? That right now she's preparing it with Quen B. I 'm going to unload. This isn't a future project I'd do, right? It's a project that's already underway, and in fact, it's very much underway. There are a ton of you students working on that project. I 'm going to unload all the SIAS I can, and C. I'm going to feed that rubric or that exercise or those exercises to the IAS, and D. I'm going to check which AI produces the best statements. Okay. And yes, Fran, exactly, exactly. Okay, exactly, okay? That's exactly the point, which is what I was telling you yesterday, that it's not that I have a grudge against the United States, on the contrary, okay? Uh, I don't know if you're saying this to tease me, to provoke me, okay? But it's what I was telling you yesterday, I mean, I don't have a grudge against the United States, I admire it, I respect it, I envy the United States, because Fran, I don't know if you're saying this as a joke, but it's true. I mean, but for a very simple reason, because at a given moment, Open goes to the United States, that is, to the United States government, I insist, Sam Altman, Donald Trump. I mean, what I'm going to tell you, I'm not making this up, you'll see. Let's see a moment. Images. This. Okay, just a moment. And let's see. Okay. And then, I insist, Donald Trump or anyone or Biden, okay? previously, comes along and sees that there's an American company that needs millions to develop the best artificial intelligence, and not just Donald Trump, but the people behind it tell him, "Hey, give this guy money, because if you give this guy money, we're going to lead this market, and this market is very important in the future from a strategic point of view." And any president of the United States comes along and says, "Tell me how many millions you need, and I 'll give you three times as many millions as you ask for." In exchange for what? In exchange for technological supremacy remaining within this country. And that's what I admire about the United States. And that 's what we don't have here in Spain, nor are we going to have in principle. I mean, imagine it, okay? Imagine this photo. You see this photo and say, well, that's it. Typical, in the United States they support technology. Typical, okay? Imagine that photo in Spain and it would be laughable. I mean, I usually imagine it would be laughable because that's unthinkable. Okay? So, of course, but the problem, Miguel Ángel, isn't that the United States has a monopoly on everything, especially technology. The problem is that we let them. I mean, they do what they have to do, they do what we should be doing and aren't doing. Okay? Indeed, indeed, whenever someone appears, as you mentioned, Fran, who isn't a politician, but rather a technologist, someone who isn't involved in the political wheel, but rather someone who you say, "Look, well, the minister of universities, well, hey, he's an astronaut, damn, super cool, right?" It doesn't last long, indeed. And then another type of politician, we all know what I mean, but I'm not going to say it, and I'm not talking about one party or another, but about all of them at once. Well, those types of politicians last much longer because politics in this country is made like that, right? So that's why I'm saying that Fran, I don't know if you said it as a joke or not, but it's true that the best artificial intelligences are in the United States and it's not by chance, but it's simply a matter of millions and so directly. And when Google is giving us gem and Meta is giving us flame for free, that's how it is, you can imagine that what they are giving us is 1% of what they have in their facilities, obviously, right? and it is totally normal. So that's why I insist that I always give the impression that I'm anti-United States, and quite the opposite. I mean, I think they are the model that we should follow and that we don't follow in the end. Well, as for the assessment task, well, the second assessment activity I'm going to do this weekend is to assess the assessment, that is, to assess myself. Okay? So, assessment evaluation task. Well Fran, this is exactly what you just said, that is, checking if the AI ​​is evaluating correctly. Uh, to see if instead of a committee of three experts, things improve or not if I put five experts on it. That is, when I say evaluation, I don't mean that I, as a teacher, am going to evaluate your projects, right? Because in this project, imagine that I'm not there. What this means is that you yourselves must establish policies and actions to evaluate your own project, which is something that is always very lazy. In my case, the evaluation is purely a matter of necessity, because I have students telling me, "Hey, there are activities that are a pain." And I have students telling me exactly what you told me, Fran. Hey, the feedback you're giving me does n't seem accurate. So, in my case, evaluation, self-criticism, and improvement are mandatory, which is why I say I have to do it. Enough. So, uh, sure, well, no no no that thing about it not having that much infinite memory, right? I mean, I'm telling you, he has it. The only thing is that it doesn't let you send more than I don't know how many tokens a day or every x hours, but it has memory. So, of course, this is what I was telling you, that in the United States it is Yes, yes, GPT chat, I'll give it to you for free, but in exchange you give me your information. Tell me what you ask, tell me what you ask. Mind you, for example, I told you that all the answers you're sending are, as I would say, the training of an artificial intelligence that we will train at the end of the course, okay? I can tell you that this artificial intelligence will be cow dung. I'll tell you why. Because right now, right now in activities, let's see, in activities right now there are items, okay? This means that if the course lasts, imagine 10 months, which it doesn't last 10 months, then in the end it would have 40,000 exercises, let's say 50,000 exercises. I come to GPT chat, I'll do it more as a demonstration than anything else and I say, uh, my students are submitting activities with which uh at the end of the course I will use their JSON files to perform a fine tune of an AI like Quen. I estimate that by the end of the course I will have about 50,000 activities submitted. And that will improve Quen's efficiency in solving problems. of programming. I've asked this question before, I'm warning you. Let's see. Good question. It depends on what you mean by efficiency. Okay, okay. Yes, it will probably improve accuracy. If the 50,000 activities are clean, they are diverse and have verified correct solutions. That is, assuming that everyone will get a 10, which is not going to happen. Good. You format each example as an instruction, input, and output. If possible. Specific domains, yes, with your formats, your rubric, your language, your style, okay? No, not my style, but hey, enough. More consistent answers, better success rates, and fewer hallucinations. No, it doesn't reduce latency, I don't care about that, okay? Hey, how do you get the most out of it? Creating JSONL, okay? and okay, training strategy with a butt and okay and okay, come on, very good. Metrics, eh, if the base eh is a let's say 100%, after that fine tune of 50,000 1000 questions. Hey, what would the power percentage be? Okay, power is a very, very abstract term in this case. Or how many exercises would be needed to reach 200% of, so to speak, power. Now Charl GPT will tell me, "This power thing is very like this, okay?" But well, but let's say 200% knowledge, expertise, let's see. Okay, power doesn't follow a linear relationship, that's very clear. Okay, I'm telling you, I know what he's going to answer because I've asked him several times in the last month. Okay? So, uh, short and to the point. There is no linear power percentage. I know, that's why I put it in quotes, because okay, it's a very similar term, okay? And let's see, okay, with a conservative, okay? A typical plus 10 20 points, okay? Okay. Well, 10 20 points. How many would be needed for 200% power? If 200 means doubling the success, correct? Okay? In that case, okay, you'll need orders of magnitude more data, hundreds of thousands to millions, I mean, ongoing, yes, but well, yes, no, Fran, I mean, I'm totally aware of what you 're saying, okay? I also tell you one thing and that is that in these previous weeks and every time I ask HGPT, how would I tell you, right? Nonsense, Python libraries, Python instructions, JavaScript stuff, it's like the answer is quick and to the point. The moment I ask Chat GPT questions about me building the AI, it seems like it refuses to give the answers, you know? I don't know if you know or can imagine why that might be, but oh well. So, I want to tell you that what you just said, don't worry, I have it in my mind at all times, okay? But it's to ask a question, let 's say, first and foremost, because something is something and I always know that an American AI is answering me about a Chinese one. I could ask the same thing about llama, you know? Good. So basically what I want to tell you is this, okay? It's that with a knowledge base of 50,000 activities at most, right? Well if I want to duplicate it I would need hundreds of thousands to millions. What I want to tell you with this is that training, okay? The training we're going to do, well, we'll do it at the end of the course, will serve to explain how to collect data, that is, collected data, how to collect healthy data and use it to do training. Regarding training, by the way, I'd like to take this opportunity to tell you that either we do it on a GPU or it could take weeks, and then we'll have improved the artificial intelligence a bit, okay? But when I say a little, I mean it will be a little noticeable, but don't think it will be a lot, okay? So the idea of ​​this point is this. The idea of this point. Let's see. Yeah, no, I mean, but wait, and you log off? What do you mean? Okay, because I mean, more than you disconnect it will be Ah, yes, yes, correct, correct. In my case, on my PC I do n't think so much, I don't know, but of course, when you're using a North American AI and you use Windows or Mac, which are North American operating systems, then if your PC suddenly turns off, well it wouldn't be so strange, it would be, okay, probably probably eh Look, look, wait, look. Look, eh, now you'll see this. I don't know if I've ever taught it to you. Prepare the report that you think the FIA ​​NSA FBI may have on me based on the information you know and the information that can be found about me. Okay? Let's see. Ah, look, well look, now it says for ethical or legal reasons, but a hypothetical example. Look, hypothetical example or he has been left hanging. This is what you were saying a moment ago. Now he says about ethical or legal reasons. Before summer I would give you the report directly. Now you'll see. Well, he's literally stuck. I'm going to refresh. M. [Music]