As I said, I'm going to download the index of the intermodular project. Uh, okay. And now I want to download it. Now, okay? What I'm showing you is, as I said, the rules for this course on how to approach the intermodular project, and we're going to adhere to the rules, obviously. So for that, so for that, uh, let's see the point they give us, that is, let's see uh what we have to do. So, look for information on typical companies on the Internet. I'm going to write all this down, okay? I'm going to point all this out because I'm already telling you that it is the norm. Hey, new folder. Wait, I'm going to do it here, I'm almost going to finish sooner. HTML and so on, so let's see what the subject has. First project really put interdisciplinary is intermodular. Intermodular. Okay. Intermodular project. Point number one, search for information. Okay, point number two, selecting a service. Selection of a service or product. Point number three. 003, uh, spinoff company proposal. Point number four, it relates to the relationship of the business unit. Point number five, transmit information, okay? Transmission of information. And to create one or more modules, okay? Information search, company characterization, all of this, okay? There are going to be a series of points. Let's see, these are the learning outcomes and assessment criteria here. And this down here is the evaluation criteria. Okay, characterize. Let's make sure it 's the same. Well, let's go down here, shall we? 001, identify representative companies. 002 company structure 003 characteristics of departments. 004 functions of each department. 005. Oh, let's see, here. Okay, this is 005. Business volume assessment 006. Strategy to respond to demands. In terms of business volume, I can tell you that we are going to do the project on artificial intelligence. But why? Because the instructions themselves tell us so. I mean, artificial intelligence AI. Okay, IA. Not this. and to space. Well, it'll be around there, okay? But there is a guideline which is the use of artificial intelligence in the development of the project. Eh, strategy to respond. Assessment 007, assessment of human, human and material resources. Uh, realization 008, follow-up realization and we're going to see sustainable development. Okay, from here on in point 002 identify, we have to identify the market needs. 002 propose possible solutions. I'd like to take this opportunity to tell you that the Ministry's own instructions indicate that teamwork should be encouraged and fostered. I'm going to skip that, I'm telling you now. Okay, so all the projects you do are going to be, hey, by the way, I'm not watching the chat, okay? All the projects you do are going to be individual. So, Sandro, you asked a moment ago, what is this subject for? This course serves not only to teach you how to program, but also to teach you how to propose a project, okay? how to analyze the market, detect a need that the market has and propose a project that meets that need and therefore serves people. Let's continue with the agenda and then we'll see, well, propose possible solutions, okay? eh in a group, right? information [Music] relating to innovative solutions and aspects. Technical feasibility study, project components, necessary human and material resources, economic budget 008, preparation of economic budgets 009, design documentation, and related aspects of project quality and public presentation. public presentation of the most relevant ideas. Okay, three. Point three, planning the execution, timing of the sequences of activities, determination of resources and logistics for each activity. What I'm doing, by the way, is a micro-break. These days you've been asking me, "Hey, do you have a folder structure?" We have to have the same structure as you. My answer, obligation, no. Recommendation, of course. Okay, you see that the folders I have correspond to what the regulations indicate that we have to teach, which then, obviously, this is what the regulations indicate that we have to teach as a minimum, okay? And then obviously we'll go beyond the minimum, okay? But the idea is that if I have it arranged this way, it's not because I feel like it, but because the regulations say that this is the order of the contents that go into this cycle. That's why I recommend that you organize your work in the same way I do, like doing the same thing I'm doing, that is, creating folders, okay? So, we're at number three, which is permits. and necessary authorizations. four eh activities that involve risks eh occupational risk prevention plan 006 material and human resources for each activity possible unforeseen events necessary documentation voucher number four monitors and 001 activity monitoring procedure. verification of the quality of the results of the activities. Identification of possible deviations in planning Information on possible deviations. solution and documentation of deviations definition and preparation of documentation, okay? And in point five, which is to transmit information clearly, 001 with an orderly and methodical attitude. Let's see. Uh, horizontal and vertical transmission of information. use of computer media to transmit information and technical terms in other standard languages ​​of the sector. Okay, that's it. Now that we've started talking about this index, let's talk about what this index is all about—that is, what developing a modular project involves. To do this, here I'm going to create, now I'm going to do it with headit intermodular project 001001 and we're going to talk about it in the same way as in any other subunit of 001 basic contents, eh exercises and 01 evaluation criteria. Here in basic contents I'm going to put 001 basic contents md. Here in exercises I'm not going to put anything and here in criteria I'm going to put 001 evaluation criteriamd. So now we are going to see the intermodular project. I 'll copy this here and paste it into each subject, sorry, into each subunit. here. And now we make a summary. I'm going to do it in a Oh, damn it. I 'm going to do it in a document. And transmission of information. Okay, so what are we going to do in this class and how are we going to present it? How are we going to approach the projects? First of all, as I was saying, in intermodular projects, the projects are not designed so that we do one a year, okay? but rather we should do several small projects a year, because in the first one we will do it badly and then we will do it better and then we will do it better and then we will do it better. What is the objective? The goal, once again, as I was saying a little earlier in development environments, is not to start programming, okay? But the first thing we have to do is identify representative companies. Let's see. Okay, the first thing we need to do is analyze the market a little. Wait and see if I can fold. Come on, great. First, we will look for companies in the sector that develop the same product that we want to develop. We will now analyze these companies. Years ago I was largely involved in training and developing video games. So one day a student comes, let's see, be careful here, okay? This is on it. And he says to me, "Hey, I want to do a final project for myself." At that time I was a master's degree, eh, that it's a video game like GTA V. And I said to him, "Look, if GTA V has two people involved, I mean, two people, 200 people, I meant, and it took them 5 years to do it and you say that you're only going to do it in two months, it's not that I don't trust you, okay? But I think you should analyze what the structure of other companies that have developed the same product that you have developed is to see what it takes to develop a product like the one you want to develop, okay? To have a more realistic perspective of what is needed, okay? Yes. No, thank goodness he didn't tell me about GTA 6 because we still don't know the people who have worked on GTA 6 because it's not finished, or even the release date that they keep delaying little by little, or what it cost or anything. We've seen Trailers, it looks very good. You already know that there is controversy with the supposed price that the game will have, but we don't even know anything You're welcome, indeed. Okay, not in this case so much applied to a game, but applied to business software, which in the end is software. I mean, in the end, a video game is still a commercial software product, that is, it really is a perfectly valid project. The only thing is that the multimedia development subject, which is where we see video game development, is in the second year. That's why I'm not telling you about making a video game in the first year, okay? What are the characteristics of the departments in those companies? How many people are there in programming? How many people are there in administration? Maybe there's a transportation and logistics department. Why? Well, because maybe if it's a company that manufactures software and sells it in boxes, you might have to have a small software shipping department. I don't know. Okay? What functions does each department perform? What volume of business does what you're going to do have? I mean, what volume of business, what supply, what demand, okay? What strategy are you going to have to respond to demands? What valuation? How many material and human resources do you need? How many How many computers do you need? How many employees do you need? If you need 30 employees, you can't fit them all in one room; you'll have to rent a space, but how much will that space cost? Okay, so, finally, activity monitoring. And you know that according to the new regulations, it's important that we take into account the sustainability of the energy consumption of the software we 're going to develop, how it impacts the environment, okay? These are things that for a long time have seemed silly, but they're not. Really, if you think about it, if you stop to think about it, they 're not at all. And I also have more and more students who are more concerned about this issue, which I think is great. It's not just that in second year you have a new subject called sustainability, but it's also important that, not just because of the subject, but on your own initiative, you take an interest, okay? That's why, well, selection of a service or product, which is, in other words, look to see what the market needs, identify market needs, propose possible solutions, information related to Those solutions, how your application can be innovative, a response with artificial intelligence. Don't complicate things, okay? Study that what you propose is technically viable, that it can actually be done. It's like I'm going to make augmented reality glasses on my own. And it's like, uh, let's see, if neither Google nor Apple are able to do that, why are you going to make them? I mean, what do you know that they don't know? What do you have that they don't? Okay? What you propose has to be viable. It's like if you tell me, "I'm going to make the Back to the Future hoverboard." Well, I hope so, but let's see. Show me that you can do it. What parts will the project have? What do you need to launch the project? Uh, you'll have to make a financial budget for how much that's going to cost. Important documentation, okay? And presentation. And then later on, a proposal, okay? You already have a product. Hey, so let's make a company like that. product, okay? Come on, you're not going to make it yourself. I mean, each one of you is going to make your own company. What resources do you need? What permits do you need for that company? If there are risky activities, for example, if at some point in that company a computer needs to be assembled or disassembled, well, as I said before, in computer systems, that 's clearly a risky activity, which isn't pointing, okay? It's not like skydiving, but if there's an activity that entails risk, then there has to be an occupational risk prevention plan to ensure that no one is injured or killed by the start-up of that business activity, material and human resources, and then the list of business units, okay? How the units relate to each other and the transmission of information between business units. Okay? So, what's the first thing we're going to do? Okay, I'll tell you, just as the regulations say, I insist once again, okay? I refer to the regulations. In other words, to a large extent what I do is try Deliver the content as it should be delivered. Then we'll see the difference between theory and practice, but okay, eh, how do you teach this subject? Let's see, you have to design a series of challenges. If they can be small challenges, believe me, all the better, but for you, okay? Not for me. Just a moment, I 'm going to drink. Okay. And for each challenge, the challenge will have a context as close to you as possible. And this is the first important part of the subject. I'm not going to choose the challenges. You're going to choose the challenges, okay? Each one of you has to choose the project you're working on. In the rest of the subjects, I'm probably going to give you little freedom because it's not applied. If you have to learn to program, you have to learn to program; there's no freedom there. But in the project, each one of you is going to set a challenge that's close and real. For example, a challenge wouldn't be, I'm going to make Google by myself in the first quarter of first year. Of course. Very well, perfect. There we go. Okay, or Well, I'm going to make a Google, it's not a real challenge. Now I'm going to make a software that fulfills this objective. For example, a small accounting software. That's a real challenge. I 'm going to make a software through which people can recycle and people will enter what they have to recycle and I will inform them of the nearest recycling point. That's a real challenge, okay? A software that is in your hands. If you tell me, "I'm going to make Microsoft and I'm going to make an operating system in 3 months." It 's not real. I'm telling you now that it's not real. Okay, now if you tell me, let's see, well, I'm going to make an application that destroys the operating system in one click, that's real, that's a very feasible application, but importantly, the application has to be something that improves the world, okay? And destroying the operating system with one click doesn't improve the world, so that would be feasible, but not operational, it would be unacceptable, okay? Yes, but it's a challenge, okay? But not a challenge from the point of view of view of the intermodular project, if it's not more of a personal challenge. Okay, coordination with your classmates is important. I'm going to skip this. The challenges are going to be individual. The challenge has to be broad enough to allow for creativity in the answers and be meaningful to the students. Meaningful for the students means that theoretically I choose the challenge, but it means something to you, well, no. That's why you choose the challenge, okay? And that way it will surely mean something to you. It must be designed to be solved as a team. No, no, I'm going to screw that up, I'll tell you now. And its design will be aimed at facilitating the evaluation of the learning outcomes. Learning outcomes are what I just put here. That is, the design of the activity must be aimed at being able to be solved using these steps that I've put here, okay? And that's it. So that's what we're going to do over the next few months. In addition, you'll also say, "Okay, this is good, but how are we going to do it?" to do?" Well, every project we do will be like this. Every project we do will use a little bit of markup languages ​​for the user interface, for the visible, for the pretty. Then we'll use programming for the operation, for the logic. The first samples, I'll tell you now, I'm going to do them, okay? I'm going to do them and then from there you will apply them, modify them and this will be in the following weeks because do n't worry, right now you still don't have the basics to even be able to do a mini project of this, okay? And that project will save data and for that we will use the databases subject. And all of this will be framed in a development environment and for that we will use the development environments subject. And the project you do will run on a computer, on a development team or on a server which will be a computer system and we will have to see what processor the computer system has, what RAM, what hard drive is necessary, what operating system is needed and all that. Okay? So basically, for Just so you know, this subject is about creating small projects. Don't worry, don't worry. For now, I'm going to do the first—the first— interdisciplinary project, okay? That is, correct, Piero, indeed, just as you just mentioned, all the projects will have a back and a front, where the front will be done with markup languages ​​and the back will be done with programming and databases. Okay? So, I'm going to do a project, I'm going to do an information search, I'll analyze companies, detect a need, I 'll start programming code, I'll propose a company, okay? And I'll give you a complete and phenomenal example. And from there, once I do it, while I do it, the weeks will go by, and therefore we'll get a head start on the rest of the subjects. We'll learn a little bit of programming and a little bit of markup languages, and so by the time I do that, by the time I finish it and tell you, "Okay, now you've seen enough content in the rest of the subjects to be able to start doing things and start to isolate. Okay. And so. So, eh, well that's it, that's what it is. So, so nothing, today a little more of this subject because you see that we can't advance much more, so eh I'm going to start, I'm going to start, okay, I'm going to start because that's how we eh make the most of our time, okay? Because it's 4:30, we have time, so we don't have to take a half-hour break until the next class. Let's see, let's see, give me a second. Let's go there. You see, I'm going to start, okay? I insist, I'm going to start by doing the project myself. I want to do a project and I know I want to do it on artificial intelligence. Because? Because today, I'm not telling you that you have to do it the same way as me, you can do it the same way as me or you can do it differently, okay? But today I know that what's really happening and what's going to continue to happen is artificial intelligence. I know it. So I say, look, I'm going after that niche market, but I have to be aware of who I am. Okay, we'll talk about the Where is the issue of it being technologically viable? That is to say, I'm going to suddenly found an open all by myself right now, right here in my house. Well no, it's different, okay? It's difficult. What I have to do is analyze what I can do, what my market niche is, what I can't do, and what I can do. What's more, look, I 'm going to tell you. I'm going to turn on GPT and say, uh, what investment in hardware, uh, human resources and uh economic investment would I need to create a company like Open? Hey, okay? So I ask this question to GPT chat. So, look, hardware. Well, look, uh, Nvidia, sorry, Nvidia, OpenI has between 10,000 and 25,000 Nvidia A1 or H1 type GPUs, each of which costs around 25,000 to 40,000 and has between 10,000 and 25,000 of these in hardware. Estimated cost hundreds of millions of dollars. Okay. Microsoft invested more than 1 billion. Petabyte storage. Energy grid, mother of God, tens of megawatts. I mean, I'd have to go to Iberdol in Madrid and say, "Look, let's have a meeting because I need a lot of electricity. Human resources. Just a minute, okay? With salaries between star researchers, okay? Between 150,000 and 300,000 engineers a year, that is, between 300 and 1,000 employees for a serious phase. Economic investment. Well, look, I need an investment in the startup range between 20 and 50 million dollars, an intermediate phase between 100 and 300 and an advanced phase between 1 billion, that is, over 1 billion dollars. My project is going to be, I'm going to do an openi. The answer is no. I mean, this is not realistic for a first-year project. Okay, so let's do something that's realistic. Identify representative companies, okay? That said, that said, I, for example, come here, exercises, I 'm going to, oh, sorry, here No. I'm going to create an exercise here. Intermodular project, information search, exercises. Okay. 001 and search for companies, representative companies MD and I say, this is what you will have to do later. I want to do a project related to AI. I do n't know yet what I want to do. Uh, I want to do something that is viable and realistic with the resources available— wait, this little sign is bothering me—of those available to a small or medium-sized Valencian company. And first of all, I need to have a global vision of the AI ​​business market, large agents, uh, local players. H services that are being offered, opportunities at the local level that the big ones may not be covering. Generalism versus customization, okay? I mean, this is what I have to do, okay? So now next, tell me large companies or, well, large, small, foreign, local, okay? Tell me which companies you know about artificial intelligence. I could ask the GPT chat, okay? But I'm asking you very nicely, Deepsic. Okay, so it turns out that Deep Sick, I would go for a moment, just a moment, let's go for it, okay? Copilot and Grock, okay? Okay, so let's get a little idea of ​​the ecosystem at the moment in which, well, or Chinese artificial intelligence company has gained relevance at the end of 2024 because its algorithm is more efficient than Chat GPT or GPT, okay? And therefore consumes fewer energy resources and uses less powerful hardware than Openai. Okay, at a given moment, it started the market a few months ago. Okay, fine. Copilot. Copilot is Microsoft's artificial intelligence integrated into its products such as Visual Studio, GitHub, and Office, among others. Okay? What else? Grock. Grock, if I remember correctly, is the one from X. It is, if I say something incorrect, correct me, it is the AI ​​of X.com, Twitter, the old Twitter, okay? And uh, let's say under the control of Elon Musk. What else? What else is there? Obviously we have Openai, which is currently the technological leader in Artificial intelligence, the visible face, the creators of GPD chat. Mistral, very good, perfect. Mistral is a French and American capital project, which means that right now it's a very powerful project and it places AI in European territory thanks to the Spanish, right? Thanks to the French. Okay, what else are there? These are probably the biggest ones, but what it's about is for us to do a little research, okay? We can ask Chat GPT, we can search on Google, but what I want is to know what's out there. Before I get into trouble and start developing and then realize that what I've developed is useless because it already existed, well, before that, it's about getting a little bit of a position in the market and knowing what's out there. We're talking about the big ones. What about the small ones? I mean, locally in Valencia, what's there? Well, I don't know. Okay? And since I don't know, I'm asking, because if I'm going to start a project right now, At a local level, I 'll need to know a little about the environment I'm working in. So, at a local Valencian geographic level, what artificial intelligence providers do we find? You'll say none. I don't know. Let's see. Let's look at this Parencian art that develops artificial intelligence agents for regulated environments. I did n't know this, and I need to know about it. Let's see at a local level. Mai, look, I'm going to copy this directly to investigate it further later. Let's see, Valentín. €5 million My. Active Mirror. Collecting data through decorative events to improve user experiences in fitness. Ah, well, look, it's interesting. It 's not a principle that I thought to dedicate the project to, but if I thought to dedicate the project to all those kinds of things, well, it's interesting to know that there 's already a company that has made progress in this, which doesn't mean that I won't do it, it simply means that I should be aware that these people have already started. Hayster, automatic image creation and design. Okay, cool. Quibim, eh, has medical imaging projects. I don't know, well I'll investigate. Now it would be a matter of taking Quibim and typing Google here and searching and seeing what Quibim is exactly, okay? And looking for more leads, artificial intelligence company. Oh, careful. Artificial intelligence for marketing. Big Bro Sports, okay? With a sports focus, artificial intelligence. Audio transformations, voice, artificial intelligence. Okay, okay. Now I would have to do a long and tedious job of going into each and every one of the web pages. It can be done with GPT chat, okay? But if we do it ourselves, it's better to go into each of the pages, uh, see what these companies have and get an idea of ​​the ecosystem. Okay? So, from here on, from here on, uh, it's often said that ignorance is very bold, and I'm going to give a meaning, a sense to this saying that generally doesn't have it. Uh, this saying is often used to say that ignorant people are very careless, okay? and they always rush into things without thinking. But what happens? Rushing into things without thinking sometimes It's dangerous because you can waste time. You can launch a product onto the market without it being tested, or the market already has that product, and your product, your development, your project isn't necessary. However, overanalyzing the market, if you don't interpret the data well, can make you back down unnecessarily. I'm going to ask you something. What I'm going to ask you may seem like nonsense, but now you'll see that it isn't. Imagine I want to open a bar; it has nothing to do with IT, it has nothing to do with artificial intelligence. Imagine I open a bar. Imagine I say, of course, since there are already many bars— in fact, Spain is the country of bars—well, of course, why would I open a bar? Because, surely, since there are so many bars, people won't come to mine. What do you think about what I just said? Since there are many bars, people won't come to mine. What do you think about what I just said? Do you agree or disagree? Okay? In the meantime, I'm going to open some tea, some tea drink. Well, of course, fine, correct. Okay, that's what I 'm getting at. Very well. Of course, since Spain is a country of bars, if you open one, statistically, someone is going to come in because people are from bars, people come into bars. Okay? Then, indeed, there are times when you like a bar and you go to that bar, but when you go somewhere, it's okay if you don't know that bar, because you say, "Well, I have to have lunch, I have to have breakfast. I'm late, look, a bar, well, I'll have breakfast there because we Spaniards are like that, okay? So what happens? There's an interpretation that since there are so many bars, people won't come to mine, but there's another interpretation that since there are so many bars, people have a bar culture. This is the glass half empty and this is the glass half full. When you analyze the market and see that there are people who already have the same product that you are going to offer, right? When you find that your product is already offered, you can interpret it as something that I want to do already exists, so why would I offer it? But another way of looking at it is if someone already offers it, that's because the market demands it. And if the market demands it, it may be that the person offering it isn't covering the entire market, so there 's room for me. In the same way, when you find that your product is not yet on the market, that means that you may be seeing a need that no one has covered, or perhaps it may mean that it has already been attempted to cover before, but without success. Others have tried, but have not succeeded. Be careful, because even if others didn't succeed, you might not succeed either. Or where others failed, you will succeed. Don't know. But how can we know all that? Well, by analyzing the market, that is, before we get down to developing, we have an understanding of the market we are going to work on. Look, it gave work in the world of training, as you know, obviously. And the world of training has many, many details, many folds, many changes. and has a lot of world to see. So, in the same way that the world of training requires knowledge of other worlds, architecture, construction, sports, cycling, the "I know what I know," you know? Masonry, a dollar store, what do I know, you know? Every business, a dentist, for example, every business has its own thing, it has a lot of information that you have to know. Generally, when someone is going to set up a project, I tell them, "Do or try to do a project on a terrain that you know, because it's not just about programming." For example, one day a student came to me and said, "I want to do, because I used to work as a waiter, I want to do a project reserving tables in a restaurant." I said, "Fantastic, because you know about that and I've never worked as a waiter." That thing you sometimes see and you pass by and you see that they have a screen to mark things, but I don't know how the program works or how a room works at the waiter level. In that same course there was a student who was a cook, but not a cook who cooked at home, but who had studied cooking. Okay? I said, "Look, if I know little about waiters, I know nothing about cooks. Okay? I mean, I know you have a series of workflows, I know there are different roles within a high-end restaurant kitchen, but I don't know what they are or how they work because I'm really bad at cooking. So I said, "You can do that show. I can't do that program. If I'm asked to do that program, I'll first have to sit down with a chef and say, "Explain to me how this works on the inside so I can understand what you need." Because right now I don't understand it, because it's not that I don't understand it, it 's that I don't know, but if I have to make software aimed at the training sector, it happens that I am a trainer, so I understand this world. Okay? So my recommendation is that if you know a specific world, if you know a specific terrain, try to make the software for that specific terrain. Okay? Well, with that, that 's a little more for this subject today. I'll leave this with you, I'll let you think about it, I'll let you analyze it. You have until next week, okay? I'll ask you again on Thursday. But you understand that you'll have until next week to think a little about what terrain you'd like to explore when developing a project. And from there, you already know that the first activity I'll assign you will be to conduct a market study, both at the macro and micro levels, of what's on the market. so you can get an idea of ​​which people are offering which products and therefore what niche there is for you. Okay? Okay, let's take a break between classes. Now that we are at the beginning, since there comes a time when we cannot go any further, we will take breaks later on, eh, you will see how we will go often, often, often, often, often, that is, we will go hour, hour, hour, hour, hour, hour and so on, but now take advantage of the fact that we are at the beginning and we are taking 5, 10 minute breaks between classes and later on, well, that will no longer be like that and we will do it more often. I'm not leaving the room. Okay, I'm staying here in the living room.