Okay, and let's headit. Okay, let's headit. We are in intermodular project 2 and the objective in intermodular project 2, we will see in DAM 2 Dam Dam 25 26 second intermodular project. So it's good to continue the introduction, right? Continue with the analysis. The other day we were working on aspects that make application design easier or more difficult. Okay. And well, let's go to Hey, no, not this. This is wrong. This is wrong. Okay. Okay. Yes, but no. Okay, prioritization of Okay, this has to go in eh 001 basic contents 101 exercises and that's it. This is 001 basic contents 101 eh exercises. Okay. And now intervention planning, okay? 001 basic contents 101 exercises. Okay. And now I'm going to open here in Dam, in second, in project, in design. Okay, this goes here, this goes here. Okay. And we're going to start planning the intervention and determining resources. Let's see in determining resources. We are closing. Okay, let's get to this part. Uh, 001 basic contents and 101 exercises. Okay, I need to determine the resources. Let's talk about material resources 001 introduction.md. What kind of resources are they? Well, material resources, economic resources and human resources. What is a material resource? Let's see. Well, in my case, we could separate the material resources into resources needed during development, that is, the prototype phase, and resources needed during implementation and maintenance. So, for example, this morning I woke up, yesterday afternoon we were working on the topic of the east of web sockets and this morning I woke up and had a client saying, "Hey, your application isn't working for me." And I was like, "[ __ ], I've already ruined some of the server." Okay? And then it turns out I was connected to all of this, I was going to class and I was in the car, okay?, at 7:30 in the morning with the computer on in the passenger seat. I mean, I was driving and at the same time going into New York City to see what was happening, okay? And what basically happened, what basically happened, mind you, maybe they sent me a message, I don't know before, but what happened, uh, where is it? I may have deleted it, right? Wait, here, here. Customer service. 2:35 a.m. mail. your SSL certificate has expired, damn it. So, thanks for letting me know 2.5 hours after the certificate expires, okay? So, of course, first find out the error, the certificate has expired, eh, then fix it, get into os, renew the certificate, download it, upload it to the server. All of this literally while I was driving in the car, and not as a co-pilot, but as if driving at traffic lights. I mean, horrible, fatal. Because? Well, because when you implement an application and when you have launched it, whether you like it or not, there is maintenance, there are a series of incidents, the server can crash or the certificate can expire or 1000 other things can happen or it could be a one-off, temporary failure or interruption in the service by the provider, who knows. I mean, sometimes the solution is, wait, this must be gold stuff, wait 5 minutes, okay? And that's it. So, well, I mean, just to give you an example. And I'm telling you, the first thing I thought this morning was that, I mean, I read the WhatsApp in the elevator going down to the car and I said, "There, yesterday we touched something on the server and we messed it up." Because I said, it just so happens that yesterday we touched something on the server and this morning it doesn't work. Okay, but it had nothing to do with it, it was the certificate. It could have been that we had crashed the server. No problem, I was just going in to open the virtual host and delete everything we did yesterday. But well, then, what resources? Well, wait, what human resources are needed? Well, that 's the most complex part. I'm going to start from a supposed 24-hour support and in a computer application it is 24 hours a day, meaning three 8-hour shifts, three rotating shifts or whatever you want to call it. So what I'm asking you right now, so you can see the importance of determining resources, is, uh, how much could a person dedicated to maintenance earn? That is, a programmer who might not do anything all day, but has to be on call, that is, on 8- hour shifts, and if something happens, he has to fix it. Tell me. You can be at home working, I mean, I don't need exclusivity, okay? You can have another job, you can be a freelancer, okay? It's just that he 's on the lookout and if something happens during his 8-hour shift, he can come in and fix it and provide support or whatever, okay? What would you tell me? I want to tell you that it doesn't have to be full-time, 8 hours of work, okay? How much could a person with that parameter earn? What are you telling me? Let's see that I have the chat covered. 10000. I don't know. Okay, let's put 10,000, supposedly, 10,000 € a month, okay? €100 per month. If we are talking about three shifts, three people, it means three people earning €100 a month equals 10,000* 3, which equals €3,600 a month to pay those three people, which if you want we can multiply by 12, okay? Well, I come here with a calculator, okay? and eh 3600* 12 is 43,000 multiplied by 12 months is 43,200 € per year, just in salaries, okay? Only in salaries. Mind you, net. For a person to earn €10,000 a month, you as a company pay around €1,570, I think, more or less. Pilar Ruiz can explain this better to us by month, because there is one thing that is the net and another thing that is the gross, so that's 43,000 out of 43,200 we can get to around €52,000 more or less gross, okay? You'd have to consult the contribution tables for each salary scale and all that. What's going on? Maybe you propose a project to me and I'll say, okay, you have €52,000 to spend on salaries in a year. Or rather, justify to me that your project will have an income of at least €52,000 in the first year. I'm not saying it's enough to make money, I'm saying it's enough to at least be able to pay your employees. Pay attention to what we're talking about, okay? But let's continue. We have, for example, a case, okay, of human resources. And now we discuss these numbers later, okay? Now then we talk about two numbers, okay? Eh, assuming material resources, let's say you develop it at home, okay? Okay. How much would the computer on which you would develop that project cost? I know what you'll tell me, every year the students tell me the same thing. Okay? You might say, "No, but I develop it on my computer, I already have it." And I say, "Okay, imagine if that computer breaks down." Or imagine you hire someone to work as a programmer at a company and you have to buy them a computer. So how much would that computer cost on which the application could be developed? that you are going to create as a business application. Tell me, tell me something. What do you say? Around 1000, okay? Around €1,000 is a piece of computer equipment that will be used for development, implementation, and start- up, okay? and then maintenance can also be done from that computer. So, uh, 1000 IT equipment for uh development, implementation, uh commissioning and maintenance. Clear. Uh, one team for the developer and then another team for the support team. Let's say it would be a team that would be in the office, by the way, office, we'll talk about it later, okay? And let's say, every 8-hour shift, someone would come in, sit down at their computer, and do the work, and that's it. So it's €2000. Okay, sure, you do it at home, but if there's a support team, well, I don't know, an office. Okay, let's assume an office. Supposed to rent an office, an office, I mean, a room, you know? We're not going to rent out an entire floor of Trump Tower. But how much could an office rental cost? Okay. Yes. Well, or a coworking space, Luis, I mean, that's precisely what this is for, in fact, I know people who do that, you know? What's more, apart from coffee shops, which are the best supermarket coffee shops lately, there are people who arrive there, get a coffee, and spend half the morning there working in the cafeteria. Okay, what's up. Hello, tell me. Yeah, yeah, okay, wait a minute, guys, give me a second. This over here and I'll stop too.