Okay, and let's go to second, let's go to multimedia programming, okay? And let's see, we have engines, okay? We have in areas of spatialization, okay? Libraries and programming languages. Today I want to teach a class that I think you're going to really like, eh, because up until now we've been working in 2D, okay? But of course, making video games also includes making 3D video games. So what happens? Well, in 2D we can work dryly, we can work raw, right? But in 3D things change a lot. So, from here on, for example, on the topic of Let's see, let's see. Ah, ah, oh, oh, oh, the trick. Okay, wait, wait, Fran, let's start there. Let's start there. Wait, because this is how I'll tell you. Okay, well, I had forgotten. Fran, you see, eh, a trick, eh, JS.Hht. HTML. You see, for years, for years, I was a big fan, I was a big fan of the JQuery library because for years, before JavaScript came into play, in the progress it has been making since 2015, well, JQuery was amazing for writing code. So to do things, you would put, for example, function point selector, right? and you did it and this selector took away from having to do uh having to do pure JavaScript, right? And it took away the one about doing the document query selector, I don't know what, I don't know how many. Well, the other day, the other day when I was doing the salmon thing and obviously I was doing it with the help of artificial intelligence, suddenly, suddenly I'm going to show it to you, suddenly in Salmon, now you'll see, eh, where are you? Oh, Salmon. Okay, I come here to index.html, HTML. I get off here, I get off here and I start to see. Now you'll see. Oh no, he'll have taken it away from me now. Wait. Dollar. One moment. Yes, but damn. I don't see that he has taken it from me. I see here, here, here, here. I see this here. And I was like, okay, I mean, the first thing I thought, this here is pure jQuery syntax, okay? And I said, what is this, I mean, how come he put JQuery on me when it's a library that I've been using and will use a million times? I have a lot of affection for him, okay? But it's an outdated bookstore. Yeah, I mean, I don't teach it in class anymore. I'd like to, but I teach you what 's coming in the future, not what's dying from the past. And then I said, wow, how is it that Char GPT is doing a new development for me with JQ Query? And then I went upstairs, okay? I went up and said, I don't see jQuery imported anywhere. I made a jQuery F control and said, "But if there's no jQuery, how come it's using jQuery syntax?" And then, and then I went down here, started going through the code, went down here, here it is, bam, okay? and I saw that there and that line there is the one that we use to use selectors with document query selector. So the trick is to copy that line and do the following. Doc type HTML HTML HTML. I'm telling you, I was totally amazed. Okay. Yes, it's not that it's actually a function, but just a moment, and I say just a moment because Ramón and Luis won't see my screen, that is, they'll be hearing me, but they won't see my screen, so I'm going to unshare and share again. So Luis and Ramón, please confirm via chat. I should be able to hear you, but we're having a problem with your microphone, okay? So, uh, tell me via chat and I'll take this microphone issue into account to solve it in the next class. Well, from now until the next class, I mean. Please confirm that you can see me correctly now. Good. And then I go to body. I go to body and in body I put script and then I put script and then I use the arrow operator, okay? Which is the short form of declaring functions within JavaScript. Perfect, phenomenal. And so that means that this whole document query selector S is summarized in the dollar function that accepts the S parameter. Okay? This is the name of the function and this is parameter S. So, if I now come here and say div id container, I now come here and say dollar container pun text content is or is equal to hello and that's it. I mean, the idea is that you declare that this is really what the JQuery library did back in the day, so it's really reinventing the wheel, right? But you declare this simple line at the top, and from there, throughout the entire bottom section, you can use the dollar as a selector, and that's it. Because this is also a query selector. The cool thing about JQuery back in the day was that the dollar has an S and the S is for selector, so I select the container and add the text content hello and that's it. That's the question. Just a moment, I have audio blocked here. Okay. Okay. Now, uh, so nothing, this was the great trick, but it's not a great trick precisely because it has a lot of code, quite the opposite, but it 's a great trick because with one line you 'll save yourself from writing a lot of code later on. Okay? That was kind of the idea. Well, I was telling you, I was telling you that let's see, I come this way, I come this way, I come this way and then obviously, Fran, as it is as you are commenting, this is part of what at the time was the JQuery library, which was nothing more and nothing less than a collection of functions and methods that were based on JavaScript, but served to write less JavaScript. Okay. Hey, Ramón, I see you've just left and just come in. Okay, if you don't see my screen when you log in now, let me know and I'll restart screen sharing. Okay? So, let's see. We're going here to DAM 2526. I'm going to second, I'm going to multimedia. Okay. And I told you about multimedia, I told you that in engines Perfect, perfect. In terms of engines, let's see, here in the areas of specialization I don't plan on teaching you 3D straight up because 3D straight up is sometimes enough to make you slit your wrists. I mean, a lot of people say, "No, it's like 2D, but with one more dimension, right? Okay, 3D programming, believe me, I can tell you, it's bloody amazing." So, just as you already know, you already know me, that I don't like to use frameworks or libraries as much as possible, in the case of creating 3D video games, we have no choice but to use libraries. We're going to do a demonstration and for that I'm going to show you a library called A Frame. We're going to work with two standard libraries: the A Frame library, which is super easy, simple, and incredibly cool, and the 3JS library, which isn't as simple, but offers more control. So for this, for this I'm going to, look, I'm going to go to Ostia for a moment, what do I have this here for? Here. Okay. And okay. So, uh, I'm going here, I'm going to aframe. Okay, in this Frame library I'm going to do a hello webr. Okay, and let's see the source, let's see the code. Momentin. Oh, how glitchy he is. Okay. And I don't know if it is here. Okay. And viewers. Ah, page not found. Okay, fantastic. Let's see. Yes, but no. Okay, this is it if I don't get it from my notes from last year. But let's see, okay, this is it. Just a moment. This is what we are seeing on the screen, but I want you to see. It's that view source should give me the view source code, not editor for remixes, if not I go to documentation and if not, as I said, I get it from last year. samples is not fried. Okay, let's get to the documentation. Let's see. Get started. This is this is. Okay, that's it. That's enough for me. 002 aframe. That is, iioo html. Okay. And what it basically does is the following. And ah, wait, wait, wait. Ramón, you say that ah, Luis sees the screen, but Ramón doesn't see the screen. Okay, okay. Okay. Sorry. Okay, here and the whole screen and screen one. And now, first of all, Ramón, you should see the screen. Let me know, confirm. Now yes. Perfect. Okay, so what do we have? Okay, everyone pay attention to the screen because we're going to start freaking out. I have 14 lines of code, okay? Less than 15 lines of code, I obviously have the line that does the magic, which is this one, okay? It is the loading of the aframe.minmin.js library. And from there the library adds support. for a series of custom labels that obviously have to be under the nomenclature of this object, that is, the library. First, we create a 3D scene. And once we create a 3D scene, we're going to go little by little, 003, little by little, what I'm going to do is create, you know what? a sphere. A sphere, I take it all off and let's go there. So I come here, I go to local host and I go to DAM 2526, I go to multimedia, I go to analysis, I go to specialization, I go to exercises, I go to little by little and here we have it. Okay, so what we have here is a ball. It is a ball that is in position and now the cod starts, in position X0 Y 1.25 Z - 5. What does that mean? Well, this means that in 3D space this is the X, this is the Y, the depth is the Z. So, if the object were not at -5, the problem is that it would be stuck to the camera, right? I was inside the chamber. The idea is that we put -5 precisely because the camera is at zero so that the object is further away, right? be deeper down. Next we can modify the radius, a smaller sphere, a larger sphere and a much larger sphere. And then we can modify the color. Why do I like this bookstore? Because doing this in web GL is a nightmare because you have to program the polygons by hand. While with this library, everything is automated and you simply create a tag on top of it, you don't even create JavaScript at the moment, and based on that tag, you create FF00 color code. I want it to be a red sphere. Now I want it to be 00 FF00. I want a green sphere. And now I want a blue sphere. 00 FF. So I come over here and blue sphere. Okay, next, FF FF00, okay? A yellow sphere. Next, as you saw before, I can create more objects, so 004. Now I add a box, so I have an object called box, so it's fierce, but of course, x - 1. What for? Well, to move the box a little to one side. So I do this. Now I add a box and I have a box there. Let's put the two boxes, that is, the two objects at 1.25. Okay, there so that both are at the same height. And then, obviously, I can also add a floor 005. Now I create a plan for a floor. Good. So so let's see. Now I add a plan, okay? where I say 00 -4, rotation -90, width and height I'm going to put 8 and 8, okay? And I color. Now I add a plane and it's a little too low, okay? Then you can go up, obviously. And this is a frame, okay? Imagine the wonders that can be done with this. I insist, from the point of view of the relationship between I give you, you give me. That is, notice that we put in a minimal set of resources and what we get is a super cool result. Obviously, you can do wonders by placing objects, but working with primitives and positioning primitives straight away can be a bit difficult. So, we have to admit that the point of all this is to bring geometry modeled in other programs. Me, for example, in this case, let's see it. I'm going to open my desktop and bring Blender. It can be modeled with any program. Blender. Here is Blender 5. I'm going to open Blender. It has opened on the other screen for me. Okay, e Blender, e Blender has the following, add mes el monkey, okay? So I have a monkey and now what I'm going to do next is export it. Let's say Blender is a program that serves as a 3D modeler, not only because it just made a monkey head, but because the idea is that in Blender I can do whatever I want, right? So I do this and move on to the next thing. Sorry, let's see, I'll save it first. I'm going to root, I'm going to bar, I'm going to W, I'm going to HTML, I'm going to, let's see, I'm going to DAM, I'm going to second, I'm going to multimedia, I'm going to analysis, I'm going to areas, I'm going to contain new exercises, okay? and I put here eh susan, because the Blender monkey is called Susan. But now what I'm going to do next is export it in a format that is compatible with a frame. So I'm going to export, I'm going to GLTF, it's the supported format, I'm going to take a GLB, for example, and I say susan.glb, okay? I export, sorry. There is no material to make it look correct. It has to have a material, even if it's white, but it has to have a material. So I save, export, GLTF, Susan, okay? And there we have it. Good. So now I come here 006, I load a GLB, GLB or GLTF. Okay, I'm coming this way. Since the repositories or official documentation aren't working for me, I'm going to say, eh, the GLB. Let's see. Okay. Okay. This is the question. If you want, if you want, I'll even bring just the GLB, okay? Only the GLB. And then first of all, I load the model, I call it like susan.glb GLB and once I've loaded it, now I use it and I tell it the GLTF model is model and from there its position is this and its scale is this and its rotation is this and whatever. Okay? So now next I come over here, I come over here, I'm going to charge a GLB and here we have it. Okay, just a moment because okay, I have the look controls. Okay, I'm going to take off the look. Okay. Ah, very good. Hey, let's see. Wait, what did I have before and no, there is no camera. Okay, okay, that's the problem. I take away the camera. Now we'll put a camera, okay? And surcharge. Now yes. Okay, and look how I can open the model, I can go into the model, I can, okay, take the model, I can open it and I can do whatever I want, I can, okay? Being out there working with the model and all that. Okay, so next, we're going to see that there are different ways in which we can work. Now we'll talk about materials, we'll talk a little bit about cameras. To talk about cameras, let's see that a moment ago we had the look controls. Let's see that there is one thing that is the orbit controls. Add orbit controls. We're going to come over here and say 007 orbit controls. Okay. And we will create a camera. That is. Okay. And the orbit controls. Moment. While we're at it, give me a light. Okay. I didn't want to talk about a moment of enlightenment, but well, now we're talking about enlightenment. Okay, orbit controls allow us to do the following. Orbit controls. Okay. And just a moment. Wait. No, what's going on? Any mistakes perhaps? No, okay. Okay. Moment, huh. Nothing is happening. Let's see it. Okay, just a moment. Okay, let's go. Okay. No. Oh, no. What's going on? Let's see, target 01- 2. Okay, because the object is at 01 - 2. Okay, no. Let's see, orbit not working. Let's see. Meanwhile, while you're doing this, uh, I'm going to show you, I'm going to create a kind of 3D scene, uh, to make something like a virtual museum. I come here, I go to Blender and I'm going to do something. I'm going to create a box. Once I have this box, I'm going to extrude two units. I'm going to extrude two units. Once I've extruded, now next I'm going to delete this face, I'm going to go ahead and delete this face. Okay, once I've done this, now that I've done it correctly. Wait a minute, I 'm not sure. I think I have to delete this one too. Okay, let's try it. Now I select and invert the normal ones in the month. It seems like nothing has happened on the screen, but I tell you, it has. To now continue joining some objects with others. So I'm going to make a duplicate. Broken 90 gr. I do this. Hey, watch out. Let's see, wait. I want a grid, I want to duplicate it, rotate it 90º, place it. Now yes. Okay. And so on. Correct. Very good. Now I want to duplicate this. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now I want this, this, this. Now I want to put this here and Okay. Okay. And if I put that there. Hm. It means I put this here, I think. Yes, okay. It seems to work. And now next. Now I don't know what to put where. Well, you know what? I think this is more or less enough for me. So now I'm going to do it like this. No, not this. Let's see. This is this. So I do this. I think I do. No, I don't do that. Okay. And now, as you can see, I'm looking for a certain modality. There, there. Very good. Yes, that's the idea. Now you see, not doing Call of Duty, obviously, okay? The idea is to make a map. That's what I'm trying to do. Okay, now this goes here. Okay. And I think that more or less I think that more or less we can launch it to see what happens. Okay, so there's milk. There's milk. That I wanted to put some material on it. Don't tell me. Oh, look, you know what? I'm going to put it all together and add just one material and that's it. Okay, that's it. Material. Okay, now I'm going to save this as a map. And once I save it as a map, now what I'm going to do is export it. I keep it as a map. GLldb. I come this way. Hey, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Let's see if we can get the orbit working. Okay. Wow. Mother, what is this? Okay. Ah, quad clone. No, no, it doesn't work for me. No, it doesn't matter. I'm going to do the WAS controls, that is, being able to walk with WASD and that's it. Okay, so what I'm going to do now is load up a GLB. I'm saving this as 008 was. And in the WAST what I'm going to do now is load the map.glb. Let's see it. So I come over here, I'm going to load map.glb, okay? And we're going to see it. And I'm inside the map. And if you notice, And if you notice, well I'm inside the map. Okay. Okay. And now I can move inside. And the idea, what I want you to see is how to use this library to make a map, that is, not just make a map because the map is actually made within Blender, but putting it into operation, loading it onto a web page and creating an interactive application is as simple as what I'm showing you on the screen. Okay? Let's continue. Let's learn more things. This is by default the was controls. Okay, wait a minute. And the orbit component, quick fix, full example, is that I would like to have the orbit working. So, orbit controls. No, no, okay, it's okay. Now then we will get it from somewhere. Let's see, let's do something, eh, aframe. Orbit sample with a box. Okay, I'm going to tell him I want a new conversation because, as you know, when GPT chat is broken you can't get it out of there. Let's see. That? No, no, no, no, no. Ah, Arbit. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Stop, stop, stop. No, no, no, no. Sorry. I meant camera orbit around object. It seems that I told you arbitrarily that I was talking to you about intelligence, that is, augmented reality. Sure, that's it, okay? In this case it is not making a real orbit, but what it is doing is a look controls with a rotation in a parent. Well, okay, that works for me. Let's see, I mean, as long as it allows me to orbit, even with a trick of parent, it works for me. Already. Yes, but okay. But not with animation, but with mouse control as in orbit controls. What I want to understand about frame orbit controls is this. Let's see. Wait, no. Well, today is not Orbit Controls' day. Well, nothing, it doesn't matter. Let's see it. Okay. And orbit controls, right? And none of them work. Well, whatever. Let's talk about lights and then we'll talk about orbit. I'll find some working examples. Okay, so let's talk about lights. To do this I will go little by little. Hey 009, let's talk about lights. And the first thing I'm going to do is turn off the light. So for that what I'm going to do is the following. Sky Color 010. I turn off the light. I tell him that I'm putting a sky color on him and the sky color is 00, that is, okay, black. Okay, now I've turned off the background, now I want to turn off the light. So for that I come here, I had put a box. I carry a GLB. No, look, not this, obviously, look. Okay, come on, let's get to this. Okay, I'm going to create a light 011. Now I remove all light and tell entity to add an ambient light of zero intensity. Let's go for it. Okay, now you can't see anything. And now, once I've turned off the light, let's see what this is. Intensity 1, okay? what it does is add an ambient light. The ambient light, I'm going to put zero 012. The ambient light is a fill. The abigo 0.5, 5, for example, the ambient light is a fill. Once we have fills, we also have 013, we have directional lights. The turn signals, let's see it here, the turn signals are like a sun. So, for example, in this case we have a position of 2 4 3, that is, the light points towards 0 and is at x2, that is, to the right, and 4, that is, upwards, and 3, that is, towards me, okay? So I do this. We have turn signals and we have this light. If I tell you, for example, that I want -4, we will see how the light comes from below. If I tell you that instead of 2 we want -2, the light comes from the left. And if I tell him that instead of three we want -3, the light will come from behind. The idea, once again, is that we get used to the fact that at a given moment, x is everything that happens on this axis, y is everything that happens on this axis. This is like 2D, but the z is everything that happens in depth, where three, so positive means toward me and negative means away from me, right? He walks away from me. Once we've talked a little bit about lights, we also need to talk a little bit about materials. Materials can be added to objects and with materials come textures, so materials and I say for a moment afame material simplest blin orfón. There are different shaders, okay? Okay. And this, okay? This together with the parameters. Ah, light, no, sorry. Okay, along with the position, radius, color parameters, and so on, we have the ability to define colors, right? More precisely. I'm going to create a FF00 sphere, okay? And we have a red sphere with a white specularity, right? It's like the object reflects white, but 015 specularity, but specularity doesn't have to be white. I'm going to put, for example, an object that is a bit pearly, let's say, 00 FF00. That is, the object is red, but it reflects light. I don't know if there's a green light. Just a moment. Speculate. I am in speculation. Specularity. Okay, it should be reflecting green. It does n't look very green, but hey, whatever. Okay. And then the shininess, which is the brightness. A gloss of zero means the material is matte. Uh, no, it can't be. It can't be because I gave it a zero and it's ignoring me. Okay, no. Mm. Momentín, eh, specular and shine are not working at all. Okay, standard month. Okay, now yes. Come on, this over here, this over here, this over here. Now yes. Okay. So, metalness, if I put 0.1 it's a plastic, okay? If I put one it's a metal, okay? It is a metal. If you look closely, it is completely reflective. Now, shininess or roughness, sorry. If I give it a zero it's very bright. If I put 0.5 it is rougher. And if I put one on it, it's a plastic object, okay? It is a completely rough object, like a ping pong ball. The idea, the idea, therefore, is that we can create objects, we can add lights to a certain extent, we can uh add textures. Next we are going to add textures along with materials. The classic exercise, as you can imagine, is to create a planet, a planet Earth. So let's go for it. Uh, 017 textures. Okay, let's see, ad Earth texture. For this I'm going to tell you that NASA Earth Textures, NASA, the NASA page has some pretty cool textures. So, I'm going to download some texture, for example, this one. Okay, this is 5400, well, 2 megabytes. Okay, no need for this. Okay, let's download this image. Let's download this image. I'm keeping this image. I save it in second, in multimedia, in analysis, in areas of specialization in exercises like NASAr.jpg. And now I come this way. And now I come this way, okay? And I go to 08 earth texture. So basically we created an image. It's literally an image tag. And the source and the source is NASAIra.jpg, JPG, textured sphere, where basically in the material, instead of putting a color we put a texture, right? Earth texture, earth texture earth texture metalness 0.2, rafness 1. Okay. Okay. Sky and lights, no, no, we'll see this later, but no. Okay, so I'm coming this way. earth texture. Okay. And if we look closely, we will see that the land is there. Let's give the sun more stick. Skyer, okay? I'm going to set Ambient 0.5 to zero, okay? And I'm going to change the sunlight to Intensity 10. Let's see what happens. Surcharge and pam. There we have the land there to death. Okay, let's see. Radius 3. Okay, there's the big land. Very good. Since the Sun is behind you, it cannot be seen. Okay, so what I'm going to do is tell you that the sun is at +3. Maybe I've gone too far. Eh, I'm going to say zero so that it hits right there, for example. Now, next, by God, it's the United States. I wanted to see Spain, but oh well, it's going to happen. Okay, there's Spain. Moment. Okay, I'm actually in Ecuador. Okay, now what I want to do is add cloud layers, okay? It's because I see the Earth in a cloud, without a single cloud and it's not cool. Just a moment, just a moment, because something else I want to do is just a moment. Well, now I'll add clouds. Uh, here the metalness, I'm going to say rafness 0.5. like the earth shines a little, okay? But of course, it shines a little, because it's supposed to, it's supposed to be all like little lies, right? But I go, I go, I go. Luis, Luis, here we go. Okay, not the same cinematic intro, but yeah, well, I don't know, no, something that looks cool on screen and is pure 3D and such. Okay, so, like I was saying, you see, you see that the earth reflects the same thing. the earth, okay? That water and it is like it is not supposed to be supposed to be that water reflects more than the earth. Okay. Hey, I come over here, I come over here and I say add eh shininess, right? So, uh, roughness map. And then on the Earth page there are maps of this. Well, this is bacimetry, which isn't bad either. Let's see, topography. Yes, but it's Ah, no, that's it. Okay, so here goes symmetry. Okay, bacimetry. I'm going to take this, which isn't exactly what I want either. Okay, let's see. Nasa visible earth. Hey, damn it, Rafnes. M. let's say. Okay. Well, yes, for symmetry. Okay, wait a minute. Ah, wait, wait, wait. Well, to start I want this. I want the cloud map. I want this for sure. I'm going to save it as NASA clouds. Okay. And now, well, I'll have no choice but to use the barometer map. Wait a minute. Wow. So I'm going to take it. There's the topography one. Okay, I'll take it down, I'll take it down. And if things get tough, if things get tough, what I can do is roughness. I can take multimedia, analysis, specialization, exercises, roughness, I take it to the desktop, I open it with [ __ ] and I'm going to do, uh, I 'm going to force a roughness map. Okay, stay. No, the rules. Okay, colors. Ah, you don't saturation. Saturation out. Okay, now I shine. Contrast. Contrast up, brightness up. This is what I want. Okay, like that. And this is literally what I want. So I save it as roughness. Now I return roughness to the site. Okay. Okay. And now, okay. I'm going this way. 019 texture roughness and we see that we loaded NASA roughness. Well, roughness looks just like roughness. And then let's see, the source is ground texture and rafness map is ground roughness. I'm not entirely sure about this, but let's see. We recharge. That syntax doesn't sound familiar to me. Ah, well yes, well yes, but it's the other way around. If you look, what happens is that the earth is very bright and the eh and the east the sea is not, okay? Obviously it is the other way around, so the colors are inverted. Wow, what happened? Let's see, colors. Invest. Let's see. Ah, FX. No, let's see. Oh. apply. Okay, now yes, invert colors. Now I save it, I apply it, I load it. Now yes. Okay, and we see that now the sea is super bright, maybe too much, in fact, okay? and the earth is more diffuse. Well now if you want, for example, what we can do is we're going to raise the sea a little, that is, I'm going to levels and without touching the land, let's see, without touching the land, we're not going to go to brightness contrast. We turn up the brightness. Okay. Something like that. We overwrite roughness, okay? We dump it, copy it and paste it. We recharge. V. This is something else. This is already cooler. Okay. Hey, this, as I say, is starting to get cool. It 's starting to get cool now. But I want a cloud map, okay? I want a cloud map above, which means that I now go here to texture, I go to 020 eh texture or cloud sphere and then I do this. I want a second sphere. If this has a radius of 1.21. Oh no, sorry, this is position a radius of three. This is going to have a radius of 3.1, okay? Or 3.2. And I'm going to take this material away from you for now. The material. Well, yes, I take the material away from him. If we look at it now, we will see that a sphere has been placed above it that is blocking my view. Okay? So now I want to, right? Already a roughness texture, now I want a transparency texture. Let's go for it. Let's go for it. Just a moment to wrap things up here. Okay, okay. And I say this and I say, eh, I have a black. Well, a gray scale map of clouds for eh for this for leches for outer sphere apply that map both as diffuse and opacity And next what we're going to do is use a cloud map, not only to paste the clouds on top of the map, but to use the darker colors as transparency. Let's see it. Okay. And okay, 021 transparency. Okay. Good. Uh, roughness of the earth, clouds, well, it's NASA clouds, okay? With which it applies it as an alpha map and also applies it as here it applies it as a color and as an alpha map. Let's see it. And if everything goes well. One moment. Let's see if we're seeing the Earth. I do n't think so. Okay, I'm going to do one thing because the problem is that that hm map doesn't really have alpha. So one thing I can do is first I'll retrieve it from the cloud and paste it here. Next I open it in [ __ ]. And when I open it in [ __ ], when I open it in [ __ ], I'm going to call it layer. Alpha color transparency. Black turns it into transparency. Okay, I'm saving it not as JPG, but as PNG, because JPG doesn't support transparency. Now, I'll give it back to you next. Wait what is saving now. I'll take it back to exercises. And here I'm going to say nasanubes.png. I say this because he wants to use it as an alpha map, but honestly, it doesn't have alpha. This is something else, okay? So if you look closely, I don't know if you'll see it, but there's like a layer of clouds above the ground, right? There's like a layer of clouds over there. Okay, more stuff, more stuff I want next. Well, I want the Earth to spin, okay? I want the Earth to spin around an axis so it has a little bit of animation. The problem is in this case that, of course, I can only rotate one of the objects right now. Let's see it. Let's see this way. and rotate earth eh around Z axis no Z axis no axis constant animationlale Here what we are going to do, as you will see in a moment, is to put in the animation component and a little bit apart from that now we will put a lot more pressure on the sun here, okay? And a little bit of the idea, what I want 022 eh animation earth. In this case I'm making a mistake on purpose, uh, I'm doing it on purpose. Now you will see. Okay, animation land. Ah, you jerk, both of them encourage me. Okay, both of them cheer me up. It has been automatically corrected for me. I didn't want this to happen, okay? Because I'm being animated by the earth at one speed and the clouds at another, which is fun. Okay, it has an effect. Behold. Look, we're going to see, here we have a rotation from 0 to 360 and the duration is 30 seconds, okay? 30,000 milliseconds, while in the outer layer the rotation lasts twice as long, lasting 60 seconds or what is the same, 60,000 milliseconds. I'm going to do one thing. I'm going to give the sunlight a much greater intensity. Wow, this is something else. Good. And now next, well, I don't know what material I'm telling you is the earth's metalness material 0.01. Let's see. Au. Uh, and rafness 0.8. Well, something like that, I don't know. Okay, in Aframe and in any 3D system, technically objects can be grouped using something called hierarchies. Sure, what's going on? Well, technically right now the sphere of the Earth and the sphere of the clouds are different spheres and really, although the clouds may be a bit different, they should be the same sphere. So in this case, what I want to do is the following. Create empty, animate empty rotation and make both spheres children of empty. Okay, now you'll see that one thing I find amazing about a frame is that in the same way that in HTML we have child tags and we have parent tags, in A frame we also have that. Let's see it. Okay, this is 023 hierarchy. And here we go. Outer layer of clouds. Here, if you look closely, there is a label called Earth Group. which is an empty entity, okay? It's not a sphere, it's not a box, it's an entity, it's a void. But if you look closely, it starts here, ends here, and within this entity are the other two entities, which means that just like with pure HTML, these two entities belong together. Hey, okay, wait a second, they still have animations. I don't want this animation. What I want is for the two spheres to go together. Now yes, okay? There. And then, obviously, if we want, we can say, let's see it, we can say, hey, wait a second, that the animation should be much slower. Okay, there. Now it's like I was going too fast. Okay, okay, perfect. It's pretty. What could we be missing? We may be missing many things. Well, apart from the fact that I can zoom in, I can zoom out and with this we can easily make a spaceship game, okay? in plan to explore. Wait, I have something stuck in my throat. Okay, let's see if uh and this is where I'm going to get to the weak point, okay? I'm going to start getting into the weak zone of frame by frame to see if it lets me do something like special effects, okay? as camera effects. The special effects are, for example, such as to make a glow. Let's see it. Is there any post process glow effect available? I reckon he'll say no. This is it, okay? Because Frame does not include post-processing effects. For that, the next day we will go to a library called 3.js. Look, it's actually here. Okay. And we'll see. Okay. Okay. Okay. Option two. This is stronger. This is more for the next day. No, not this. Okay, I don't know, I'm just afraid this place won't work. We're going to say let's go with option full code please. I always tend to make the map of the Earth because the Earth's army because with just a couple of spheres it looks quite apparent, there's no need to model many more things and eh, in a moment with just a little bit you can do a cool exercise. Obviously what's coolest is bringing objects, let's say, okay? Modeling and making a 3D scene. Let's see it. I want, as I said, a little bit of a post-processing effect. Let's see. Au. Good. And having said that, once you're thinking about this, let's ask ourselves the question: why can't we do this from now on, not just to make a map of the Earth, obviously, but to make 3D websites? That is, instead of a website being 2D, a website is a 3D space. Okay. Yeah, I think I think I can guess what it is. Just a moment. Let's see it. Let's see. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Okay, very good. Well, this is what I mean. [Music] Wait, I'm going to because I'm going deaf, huh? Yes. I mean, it's a really awesome website. Okay, why not? Look what I do like this, it orbits and it's super cool. Why can't websites be made like this? Well, technically they can. The thing is, most people understand the web as 2D, and as much as we might like it, I can tell you that you can imagine if you know a little about the things I do, because I've been waiting for years for this kind of thing to become fashionable and for websites to be much more interesting like this one than they are up to this point. But indeed, it seems that things are difficult. I'll take this opportunity to tell you that I'm just looking at this project, which is clearly 2D, or rather, 3D, sorry, because you can see the people as if they were real geometry, or at least they look like real geometry. And I take this opportunity to tell you that CSS has a part of three-dimensionality. Okay, now you'll see. I'm going to do this for a moment to see if I don't have much hope, eh, because eh 024 and eh post-processing I don't have much hope, but let's see. Okay, yes, but not that strong. Ah, look, actually, gee. What a blast. Well, he's gone too far, okay? But let's see, I'm coming this way, let's see, eh bloomold strength. Well, let's see a little bit, okay? And something that has a little bit of shine, but that doesn't make us go too far, okay? Well, something like that. Well, I'll tell you. It turns out that CSS has a very unknown part which is CSS 3D. I'm going to give you a demonstration that I think, I hope, I suppose you'll like, which is the following. I'm coming over here and in the next block we're going to put it here in components and uh 101 exercises, okay? In components I'm going to start by creating 001 a grid of elements.html, okay? So I come over here and I say create a grid of elements on screen as in a portfolio all on screen and 1980 by or 1920 by 1080 okay. Hey, let's see. Sorry, pure HTML + CSS. I say this because I haven't told him. And as you will now see, HTML and CSS are languages ​​that are purely 2D, but it turns out that CSS has a part that you will now see that can be combined with JavaScript to make a little bit of 3D. Now you'll see. Okay, what we do in this case is milk. Well, I was going to tell you as simply as possible, but it didn't work. I'm going to close files. Okay. Okay. A series of cards. Very good. Okay. Let's go for it. This basically, as you will now see, without much history. Parent, the components, exercises, grid, elements, okay? And that's it. Okay, very good. Okay, but now next, now next within each element, now next I want Okay. Now use CSS 3D eh a perspective as if camera is on side bottom. Okay. And then now 002 camera with perspective. Good. So it turns out there's a property around here that's this one, right? which is the property of perspective. And the perspective property along with perspective origin allows us to specify the angle at which the camera is and the tilt, let's say. Okay, so the vanishing point. Now you'll see. Let's see if they give you one. There was a boy. Okay, okay. I do this and there is no camera perspective. Okay, and I do this and this happens, okay? And if you notice, not only, okay, not only does the camera have perspective, but the elements have a kind of forward and backward animation. But now next, give me a second, give me a second, I have something. Holy [ __ ], okay. Okay. Give me a second, please. Yeah.