today. You already know that we are returning to what we started to discuss earlier about computer systems. We have previously talked about computer systems, motherboards, and processors. Let's continue a little bit, above all, above all we have uh we have been talking about Let's see, this. Oh yeah, wait, it looks like I'm open in another window. Just a moment, I'm going to make sure I only open one window for each thing, because otherwise I'll end up with a bunch of duplicate windows. Okay, so I already have a headit here. Okay, so we've stuck with the safety guidelines, and we've stuck with the point that, like I was saying, whenever you're going to open a computer, first turn off the power to that computer. That is, make sure that computer, this is what I'm recording, yes, make sure that computer has no internal current and therefore can give us a shock. Okay, so with that said, let's get back to what we were talking about, the basic components of a computer, where on the one hand we have the processor. So, what will affect your computer's processor? It affects the speed at which your programs run. That is, up to this point, this will probably end up being similar to what you saw in the intermediate level. What is the fit with the higher degree? Well, we make programs and the speed of the processor will affect the speed at which the programs run. What is RAM? Random access memory affects the amount of information our programs need to store. So when you build a program, not only are the first ones going to be more basic, obviously, but we have to worry about how much RAM the program we are creating needs. That is, every time we write a block of code and run it, that program is running against hardware resources that right now are very simple programs, and in 2025, the default computer has more than enough capacity to run simple processes, right? So, years ago, decades ago, you first had to worry about what the computer could do, and then, depending on what the computer could do, you programmed one thing or another. Nowadays, luckily, things are a bit the other way around, but in the end, we have to worry about it. Hard drive, well, when your program stores data, that data will be saved on a hard drive. What capacity? Okay? Ultimately, all these hardware resources are necessary to be taken into account by the programs we are going to create. That is, look, if here in programming in the CCO unit we have reading and writing of information, in programming we worry about how a program writes data into computer systems, on hard drives we worry about whether there is a hard drive, enough hard drive space to be able to save that data. Okay? This is a bit of the link I want you to see that we are making at all times. Okay, let's continue. Let's see what else we find. What else do we find in processors? Well, on the motherboard, there are also some expansion slots. This is usually here, okay? So there are sort of slots that are more or less shaped like this where for example they connect here, right? And they plug in here and they plug in here, which are the expansion cards. Not all slots have to be occupied, obviously. Okay, these are them, let's see, where are you? Here. These are the expansion cards. For example, nowadays it is very common to connect a graphics card. What does the graphics card do? It speeds up 3D rendering processes, not only for games, but also for software that we may create ourselves. Either because that software accelerates 3D, or because we use the processing power of a graphics card to accelerate our programs, for example, with processes related to artificial intelligence. There are also, and it used to be more common, expanded sound cards for listening to music or recording music with even higher quality than the sound card that comes integrated into the motherboard. What else do we find? What else do we have as components? Okay, what else do you have to say? Tell me expansion cards. We return to motherboards and on motherboards, motherboards allow you to connect components and have an input/output interface. What components can be connected to a motherboard? Okay, connector board, right? Okay, connector card, for example, for more USB ports or for different types of ports. Okay, here we have processors, RAM, hard drives, sorry, no, hard drives are an input and output. And let's see. RAM, expansion cards in the input and output interface. Well, yes, what happens is that cooling systems, of course, how do we classify them? Because they are actually either fans or cooling systems, for example, using liquid nitrogen, but they are simply connected to the power control. If they're low-power, they're simply connected to the motherboard, and if they're high-power, they're connected directly to the power supply, but they're not part of the data circuit, you know? So I'm going to put it here. I 'm going to put it here. cooling or refrigeration systems and I will simply indicate that they are energetically connected to the plate or to the power supply. It's true that some fans connect a little to the motherboard simply to indicate at what speed the fan goes and in some systems you can control it through software, but it doesn't connect to the hard drive, it doesn't connect to the RAM, it doesn't connect to the processor. Okay, let's see what I'm going to drink. Okay, motherboard, input and output interface. We connect the hard drives. We connect the USB ports. We also have uh ports uh the old monitor and keyboard ports. On some plates they are no longer there. They are blue-green in color. If you have an old computer lying around, you'll still see that they were there. What other ports of entry and exit do we have? Very important, sound card ports, speakers and microphone and it is not a whim. That is, in a computer system the sound input and output is currently only being used for music, video conferencing and little else. But next year in interface design and development we will see that inputs and outputs are opportunities for communication with the user. Okay? What other input, input- output interfaces do we have? We also have a small interface which is the power and reset button. Okay, it's just a switch, but it allows us to establish a small communication with the computer: I want you to turn on or I want you to turn off. Know? Databases, right? The databases will be contained within the hard drives. I mean, we're talking about hardware inputs and outputs, right? Ah, data buses, of course. Okay, data buses, of course. Data lanes are the information highways on the motherboard that connect the components. Of course, there has to be a data bus between the processor and the RAM, there has to be a data bus between the processor and the expansion card, there processor and the hard drive. I mean, of course yes. Okay, that's it. Very good. Okay, so let's continue, and we can expand on this later, but ultimately, I think we're giving a pretty complete perspective of what a computer system is, okay? that a computer system, what you perceive as a tower, is actually a set of components that all fulfill, let's say, a mission. But a tower, of course, obviously because at the end it also has a screen attached, it is an input/output device. Okay. Okay, one screen. And here I'm going to do something very geometric, okay? A screen. And finally, the classic computer setup, obviously, a keyboard and a mouse. I'm going to make them very schematic, obviously. Okay, a keyboard and a mouse. I'm going to put it here. This over here. This is a table, okay? And a mouse. No, and a mouse. And I'm going to make a little bible. I'm going to make a very schematic mouse and that's it. Okay. Okay. Hello, hello, Dario. Very good. Okay, so this is what we know as a computer system where what interests us most about the computer system are the components that we find inside a tower and then, obviously, what we are drawing here are peripherals that are also important because they are what allow us to enter information using the keyboard and mouse and the screen, which allows us to see the information. That is to say, in a computer system we are also going to talk about the existence of peripherals. That? Yes, no, no, yes, no, no, no. Let's see, let's see. In the second year of multimedia programming, which includes a video game programming component, we do see an introduction to Blender on how to create 3D, but not in the first year. Now, first of all, I'm just using it to make a sort of 3D diagram of what I'm explaining. Yes, no, no, not in this course. In second yes. Okay. So, in peripherals we say that we have input and output and on the one hand we have a keyboard that allows us to enter data. It is connected via the port, usually USB. There are wireless ones, Bluetooth, maybe, okay? But let's say USB. We also have the mouse, it allows us to move the cursor in window systems and in principle, as I said, in principle it connects via USB, okay? We have the monitor that allows us to see what is happening in the computer system and is generally connected through a visual port, such as HDMI or Display Port on newer computers. Okay? What other input and output peripherals do we have? Tell me what you tell me. Very good. The fact that? What have you said about external? Ah, wait, wait, wait. Come on, let's see, let's see. Just a moment, just a moment. On the one hand, the monitor can be touch-sensitive. Okay, so then you mentioned, uh, microphone that inputs information. And for example it is a data entry. I mean, right now here you guys have just connected the microphone to enter data into this app, okay? Via audio port or USB, speakers via mini audio jack or USB. There are also USB speakers. Have you mentioned the topic of external drives, generally via USB? There are other interfaces too. We do have, it is true, external sound cards and not so frequently, but external video cards do exist. Uh, the USB 3 sound cards usually work well, and the cards with direct link or, let's say, with interfaces faster than USB 3. There are more things, for example, uh, of course, you mentioned scanner, right? There are printers to print, there are scanners to enter information, there are fingerprint scanners, okay? for example, for presence detection at work. There are cameras, we haven't mentioned it before, my goodness, there are webcams, okay? And different types of cameras that are usually via USB generally. Okay? In short, all of these are peripherals that I could add to this diagram, but obviously I'm not going to add them all because then this would become a mess of things. Okay, I'm going to do this. I'm going to just leave this, I'm going to make it a little bit blacker. to differentiate the floor from, okay, the computer equipment. And let's say we have a solid IT team at the table, but there's a problem. I'm going to save this, otherwise it will crash and I'll lose it. Equipment. Look, you know what? I'm going to save it in the DAM folder. Ah. Ah. HTML. Dam dam dam d dam dam dam d. Damo, computer systems, exploitation and structure and I'm going to save it here and team. Okay, I'll save it there. Okay, but what's more, if we poke our noses into the following teaching units, it tells me about the characteristics of the networks. Back in the day, back in the day when I was little and I had my first computers, right? In 1985, 86 I had my first computer, but there was no internet, or rather, there was internet, but not in Spain. Okay? So my computer equipment was something like this you're seeing, bigger, heavier, less pretty, but it was something like this. The concept of connectivity did not exist because it simply did not exist. The second computer I had, in 91, 90, 91, it was still like that. It was already literally with this format, but in Spain in 1990-91 the concept of connecting through the telephone network didn't exist, you could call, you could dial a few servers in Spain, it wasn't this web thing, right? But we call a few servers to do very specific things. For example, many people don't know that in the 90s you could shop online at El Corte Inglés using a modem. Another thing is that very few people actually did it, but El Corte Inglés had that service activated. And then the internet came along and with the internet it became normal to connect a bunch of computers at different points, right? So the idea is that if I 'm in a house, if I'm in a house, I can have over here, wait, I'm going to make a bigger void here. Okay, that's more, that's more, wait for it. If I take all this and I don't take the floor and I don't take the light, I want collection. No, where is it? A to instance. Oysters. No. Hey, collection instance. I should make you say it at your instance. Wait a minute. Ah, move to collection. A new collection. This is what I wasn't seeing. Okay. Okay. Move to collection. New collection. computer. This is what we were seeing. Okay. Okay. Good. So, so you can have a second computer and you can have a third computer, right? And you can, as I say, have a third computer. The point is that when this happens, these computers may be connected to each other. So we're going to talk about network types, where you 're here, we're going to talk about network characteristics. Ah, there are types of networks here. Okay, let's come. Let's talk about network characteristics. introduction.md. This video conference is possible because not only do we have software installed called Zoom, but our computers are also interconnected in a network. So, whoever programmed Zoom, whoever built the Zoom program, had to take into account that that program was going to use something called computer networks, right? What is a network? A network consists of the physical infrastructure, equipment, and software logic used to interconnect computers and computer systems and communicate with each other. Let's talk a little bit about the history of social media because you might be saying, "Oh, history, what's that all about?" No, I think in this case it's going to be fun, it's going to be a very superficial story. Where would you say computer networks come from? What would you say is the origin of computer networks? Spoiler alert, you won't guess, but try. Right, right, right. Very good. Well, very well. Well, very well. So, from here, the day after the nuclear bombs were dropped in World War II, the Cold War begins. The Cold War is about the next day, this next day is a bit figurative, okay? Maybe it was the following week or the following month, but the following day, the moment the United States proves that this weapon exists, right? That they created it and therefore it can be created and therefore the rest of the countries might not have had it at the time, but they say, "Wow, that weapon exists and that weapon destroys cities with a single bomb, something that up until that point was science fiction. And also a front that seemed very difficult to win, which was the Pacific front in World War II. There were two fronts, the European front, the Pacific front. Okay, so all of a sudden they win the war, I mean, they're bluffing, okay? They throw a bomb, uh, they throw another one, I mean, they throw a bomb and the Emperor of Japan says, "I'm not giving up." Okay, they throw another one and they say to the Emperor of Japan, "We have a few more, so you go ahead, bluff, okay? Because they didn't have a few more yet." So the Emperor of Japan calls the bluff and says, "I give up because if they have any more of these, they're going to wipe out my country and there'll be nothing left." Okay? Another thing is that it was a bluff, but oh well. Right. So, so the rest of the countries, right? Japan, because Japan is kind of disabled, but the rest of the powers, especially the former USSR, current Russia, uh, launch into an arms race, because of course, the USSR says, "Wow, I mean, yeah, yeah. Well, yes, exactly. Let's see, let's see, yes, I'll tell you, the issue of Japan is complex, okay? And it's hard to understand what society is like today, given what we know today. Uh, Japan had several things going on. On the one hand, they had the Americans pressing from below, right? throughout the entire Pacific islands. Eh, and then on the other hand, well of course, Japan had China and the USSR against it, eh, pressing on the eastern flank, sorry, which for them is western. So, uh, of course, the bombs didn't help, but it probably wasn't just the bombs, but probably the emperor said, "Look, bombs here, Russians there, look, it doesn't matter, you know? I'm piling up a lot of things, so then they surrendered and then after a very strong period of crisis, then uh with the Japanese character of self-sacrifice, which here in Spain we don't even smell, well, they managed to come out very high and very far ahead. Okay? That's why I say that it is indeed a, let's say, a very complex historical context and that it gives rise to a much richer analysis, right? Well, then the rest of the powers launch into an arms race knowing that the concept of uh mutual assured destruction is introduced. I mean, there's no longer a winner or a loser. It's known that if there's a nuclear war, everyone is going to lose. In the sense that if the two big players, the United States and Russia, drop their bombs, it's not that they They kill each other, they destroy the entire world. Because the consequences of nuclear winter, between the radiation, the temperature, the ashes, and such, eh, a massive attack would affect the entire world. Maybe Australia would be saved, because it 's so far south, but basically, okay, it would affect the entire world. Well, with which the United States sees a system through the DARPA department, eh, through which what they sought was to decentralize the system of government and decision-making. That is, if your entire infrastructure and all your decision-making is centralized in a single geographic area and you drop an atomic bomb on that geographic area, you leave the entire country isolated and incapable of making decisions. But if you decentralize those decision-making centers and at the same time communicate them, if one node falls, the rest of the nodes have not fallen, okay? So, eh, the concept of a computer network appears to cover two needs: one, the decentralization of strategic command, and two, to allow communication between research centers, that is, universities. Given that research was one of the decisive factors for the United States to win World War II, for them, research is always very applied to the strategic military field and ultimately to having a dominant position in terms of technology, strategy, and the army. Well, from here on, from here on, other countries begin to develop their own networks. I mean, they see what the United States is doing and say, "Wow, it would be cool if we did it too." But each country's network obviously speaks its own computer language because they've built them independently. What is the Internet? It's the union of different networks into a single global network. Much of the Internet adopted rules from the United States network, okay? Because it really had good ideas and also because the United States had a dominant position internationally at that time. The Internet, therefore, is a series of computer systems that are responsible for communicating computers throughout the world, so that right now I 'm talking to you and I have no idea if you're in Valencia or If you're in Japan, because you could be on either side, and this video conference would be done exactly the same way at the user level. Of course, at the network infrastructure level, being in Valencia isn't the same as being in Japan. Let's talk about that. Regarding network types, let's talk about the existence of a first network called a local network, called a LAN or local area network. LANs consist of a series of networks. They're computer equipment interconnected around a very limited geographic area. Generally, a home, a company, a university, at most. What do they consist of? Well, they consist of, for example, these computers being connected through a central node called a router, and therefore each of these computers. I'm going to put this a little further. Look, you know what? I'm going to see, this is a computer. Okay, I'm going to hide this. Visibility. Hide all inside. Okay, perfect. Very good. So, I'm going to create an instance. of this object and I'm going to put one here, another here, and another here. Okay? So, when there's an RX90, this like this and this like this. When there's a router, well, that means there's a device in the center of the network. I'm going to paint it red, blue, whatever, and I'm going to put a lot of emission that has a data transmission. I 've put it like this, okay? With light to make it more impressive. Obviously, it does n't transmit light, but it transmits data. So, thanks to that router, all the computers in that house are connected to each other, okay? And they can share information when. Yes, yes, exactly. They're like fiber optics, okay? Although precisely if we see light, it's because the light isn't passing through. It was more like a fluorescent light. The idea with fiber optics is that the light doesn't come out, but rather travels. But well, yes, but it has leaks. Indeed, it is a very refractive medium and the light bounces outwards. Okay? So, from there, we have, uh, a wide area network. We have a wide area network, which is One is a wide area network. Many times, networks of this type are VPN-type networks, that is, networks that are separate, but act as if they were together. And from here we'll see how the network gets complicated, because for example, you have this network, but you connect it outside to someone's house. I'm going to take all this. I 'm going to take all this except this and this. I 'm going to do, right? Where was it? Hey, damn, wait until I remember. Move to collection, new collection. I'm going to call this house. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a moment. Okay, house. Okay. Hamachi is, let's see, Hachi and the onion and all that are really systems to trick the network into thinking you're somewhere else, like a kind of VPNs or anonymizers, let's say. It's a strange thing. Moment. Hydro inside. Okay, so now I have a house and now next I have another house. And now next I'm going to duplicate here. Okay, I have another house. And I have another house. How are these connected to each other? Well, because our service provider has a central node somewhere in your neighborhood, and that central node, let's see, RX90, like this, okay? So we supply electricity, and that central node, uh, wait. So, it connects from that provider. I'm going to extend this further. To your house. Generally, that node doesn't connect four houses, but maybe it connects 400, but if not, this network scheme would become unbearable. Okay. And it connects 400 and so on. Okay. And so on. And as I said, where there are now four homes, yes, yes, yes. The color of the broadcast can indeed be changed if I do this and, for example, make it blue, okay? And now, notice that it's like a bluer broadcast. Yes, it can be changed. Obviously, if this is a zone node, well, as you can imagine, this map can be multiplied and multiplied and multiplied, okay? By doing what Known as a star network. I mean, let's see, star network for star network or snowflake. It's used to represent very complex elements in large area networks. Let's see it. I'm going to look here for a star network diagram. Uh, snowflake. I'll click here on images of computer networks. Okay, it's a bit like this, but let's see the diagram of the internet. I'm sure you've seen it in real life. This one, okay? This is the diagram of the internet. This is the internet. In fact, this is literally the Wikipedia page for the internet. That's a map from 2005, okay? Imagine what it would be like in 2025. Let's see. One of 13, right? This is the original map of the internet in 1977. I do n't want to download this file, I want to see it bigger. And well, and this is a bit what I was telling you, okay? Each of these nodes is the central network, country, city, neighborhood, and all of this. The idea is that the internet, if you notice, has the structure of a brain, that is, it has the Yes, exactly. If this was in 2005, imagine today. Indeed. But the message is that right now when we're doing a broadcast through Zoom, we're moving through this network. Until now, it hasn't mattered to you, but now, at the moment in which we become programmers, we have to be aware that when we program network software, that is, when we program software that makes some kind of use of network resources, we are creating software that moves, that moves data around this snowflake scheme. Okay, so with that said, I'm going to save this. Obviously, the question is, how can this be possible? Okay, let's take out the edit again. This was this here. Okay. Components. Hey, where's TCPIP? Ah, network systems connection. Okay, okay. It's in topic five. I'm going to start introducing it to you. How is this possible? This is possible thanks to the TCP IP system that we'll see later, Okay? We'll see that in topic 5co, but the TCP system assigns an address, sort of like a phone number, to each device connected to the Internet so that each device on the Internet can call any other device on the Internet. IPv4, because of course, you'll say, "Okay, how can this be IPv4?" has x. X. X. Xe each x goes from 0 to 255, which means that with IPV4 256 actually times 256 * 256 * 256 equals 4 billion, right? 4 billion devices connected to the Internet. IPv4, which may seem incredible because it's like, oh my goodness, 4 billion connected devices. Well, even so, it has been falling short for years. So, we've had IPV6 with us for years, so, wait, I'll ask the GPT chat. If IPV4 goes with X.x.x.X. What is IPV6 about? Ok, in IPV6 eight groups of axadecimal numbers are used from 00 to FF FF. So IPV6 is what we said eight, right? and y where each y ranges from 0 to f. Let's see, 128 bits. 128 is equivalent to this is the scientific one, okay? two raised to I don't have it. Let's see. Oh, it's there. Well, what is 2 to the power of 128? Well, 2 to the power of 128, okay? It is 3.4 * 10 to the 38th power. That is, in IPV6 it is 3. Yes, yes, yes. That's why, that's why. Exact. This is what is 3, 4 and 38 digits. That is, these devices can be connected to the Internet. In principle we can think that with IPV6 we will never run out of IP range. If it happens later, well, we'll see, because later I'll tell you that there's something called the Internet of Things, where you can connect practically every object to the Internet, so there wouldn't be one Internet connection for each person, but for each object, and there are more objects than people, okay? But basically, I can tell you that in the context of programming or creating computer programs, the use of the IP protocol, the TCP/IP protocol, is very important because it allows you to use an IP address to know what your address is and to know what address other computers have to call to obtain the services you provide. And with the TCP protocol, you can connect to other computers knowing their address, obviously, and you can send and receive information to them, and you can, ultimately, share. Okay? I will tell you later in point five that there is a protocol called TCP, which is where I send information to you, and another protocol called UDP, which is where I send information to everyone. Oh well. And for example, to send you an email, the good one is TCP, and to send a video conference that anyone can connect to, the good one is UDP. Okay, that's all for today. We finish classes for today. You'll see the recordings uploaded in a little while, obviously, and we'll continue on Thursday. As you can see, today's classes are a bit more theoretical, but they're contextual, okay? Because Thursday's classes, many of you were saying, "Okay, we're doing programming, we're doing databases, we're doing markup languages, but what's this for? I mean, what is this? I know I type something here in Python, hit execute and something comes out in the console, but why do I do this? Today's classes are more theoretical, then they'll become more practical, you'll see that throughout the course, because in the end we'll spend the whole course programming. But today's classes serve to give you context, to tell you that it's not just about typing code, but you have to understand why you're typing code and you have to understand where you're typing code and you have to understand who executes your code, okay? I'm telling you that not all the classes, now at the beginning yes, but not all the classes are going to be like this theoretical in a document way, but obviously later we'll start creating programs that do all this, but of course, since in Python we don't have enough knowledge to do practically anything, that's why these first classes today are being quite Theoretical, okay? So, how much is IPV6 worth? What do you mean by how much? How much? In terms of what, I mean, in terms of these devices, but that's why you ask how much, I don't understand the quantification of that how much. I mean, the IPV6 that is worth different connected devices. Ah, that 's it, that's what connected devices are worth. Okay, so we're finishing the classes for today. In a little while you'll have the recordings and updated on the medium screen. Next week I'll start giving you activities. Not for now, introduction for now, okay? First week and nothing, and I'll see you on Thursday at 2 and we'll continue. Yes. Question, question, question. Yes, yes. Sure, sure. That's it, that's it, that's what I was going to answer. Indeed, at the end of each class what I actually do is open Jithub and then I go to the Damd repository on Damdow, no, on Dam 25 26 and then I upload everything we've done today and there you'll also be able to see where they are. the folders. And then I'm now going to jubarsa barra dan 2526 and there, for example, everything I was writing a little while ago about the intermodular project subject, well, I go to first grade and within first grade I see that I have an intermodular project and I have 001, information search, identifying companies and all that, okay? So, remember that the premise with me is that you can see everything here what I've written, of course, because I come here and I come to exercises and I go to representative companies and you have literally what I wrote in today's class, okay? In other words, everything I write within Heitel or whatever, you're going to have it, okay? So, don't worry. If you see that you won't make it on time, apart from the fact that the session is recorded on video, okay? But all the text, all the code, all the folders that I create, you're going to have it later. I know that this first week is a bit Weird, okay? It's a little strange, but you'll see how little by little. The good thing about this is that this is the outline of the entire course, okay? Then the entire course will be the same, so once you get the hang of it, you've got the hang of it for the entire course. Okay? Oh, okay, sure, sure, sure. Well, that's it, all the notes from last year, indeed. So yes, and that was my intention when I made it public. I mean, I could have made it just for last year's albums, but I made it public precisely for that. So, what I want to tell you with that is that in the same way that I intended for that to be visible and discoverable and thanks to that you found mihub, I will insist on you, not now, but in the future, to do the same, that is, to have a Jithub profile and to put information so that people can find you, okay? With which I'm glad, I'm glad You tell me that because that was exactly my intention, okay? And that, okay? Well, come on, guys. See you on Thursday. Practice little by little, okay?