I'm going to reactivate the video to, let's say, pretend we're in an intermodular project. Eh, of course, first remember that when I modified the data model of the ODO module, I had to re-execute the console command so that the views and the database would notice the change in the model, which would obviously involve taking a script like this and modifying it, that is, not as direct as this one of creating the table if it doesn't exist, but a more elaborate SQL request to see if the table exists and the model is the same, respect it. But if it's not the same, alter table, I don't know what, I don't know how many. Okay, sure, it's no more than 1 RM, I wouldn't call this 1 RM because it's true that XML can eventually derive an object, but we're not even there, okay? but more than an ORM it is, well, throughout the previous course and a little bit in this course, we are often saying who is in charge, right? That is, in the MVC model, who is the model? And I insist that over the months, we've done examples of a bit of everything, in the sense that sometimes the model has been the database, sometimes the model has been the form, sometimes the model has been, who knows what, the controller never ends up being the model. What is the only difference in this case? The only difference is that the model is an external file, say, a neutral XML arbiter. You don't give a damn about XML in the database, you don't give a damn about XML in the form, you don't give a damn about XML in everything. XML knows nothing about anyone. XML only knows, I insist, XML, why did you tell me XML? Porque estamos viendo que ODO funciona con XML. It could have been JSON, okay? Or it could have been a CSV file. But XML only knows that it defines a model, they will go find it. And then, in fact, the function, the function that we programmed goes through the XML to define the database and to define the view. Okay? So now So now for this part I'm going to pull Let's see moment. Crude, no. Server that converts. Okay, I'm going to use artificial intelligence to do some mapping here, okay? And I say, this server with this interface eh controller to my function with this interface declaration. Okay. And interface. Okay. Now, eh, modify. Uh, I don't know. So, what do we change? Well I guess that's my role or what. Yes. I suppose my function to send receive. data and save toculite eh automatically mapping eh views and with FQL table since fields eh are the same, okay? as if to say, "Since you've made a view and a model, a database with this data, then use it, okay? Map it. Let's see it for a moment. I would save it as my function two. Let's see. Okay. Okay. Moment, moment. [Music] Okay, app. Pie. Okay, this is the table. Hey, I'm missing a route. How strange. Okay, well, nothing, let's see. 007 server that receives those routes as input hasn't worked out very well for me, but okay. And my function p. Okay, let's call this. Okay, okay, okay. Ah, look, how nice. Wow, it 's good. How cool. Okay, this is my function two. My function 2.p, okay? And the XML stays the same. Okay? So, in the server that receives I'm going to say my function two. Let's see it. Let's see it. We're done. Python 3 eh 00, right? Python 3007. Okay, let's see What's going on? 127 5000. Formula. Oh, what a nice form. Oh, [ __ ]. So, first name, last name, email, address, message. Okay, so to address and message. Send, okay? Data saved, go back to the form, view the table, and there we have it. Okay? And now go back to the form. BBB, BBB, BBB, BBB, BBB. Send, view the table. And there we have it. But what's going on? Well, what's going on is that I, okay, now I insist, let me do it really hard because I don't have one, because developing the logic for the alter table would take a lot longer to program. Developing the logic for the alter table means altering the data model, going to the database, looking at the changes, and making an alteration based only on the changes. That would be a pain, okay? So I'm going to eliminate the beast, the database, for now. I'm going to go to the interface and add a text field called, uh, I don't know, country. Okay, if I do this, notice that I stop, reload, come here, and suddenly I have country, and I have country so much—wait, I should have closed this before. I have country both in the form and if I open it with that little ass, I have country simply because I just entered it in the XML, okay? And this is a bit of the methodology, I insist, not only of ODO, but, for example, the methodology of caray, of Django, which is the creator of this webs for Python, is exactly the same. You declare a model in a file, you hit persist, and from there it creates the views, creates the models, and creates everything else that's needed. Okay, let's stop for 5 minutes, I'm going to go to the service.