Next we're going to go to processes and services then or services and processes really. So in services and processes, let's see, here it is. Okay, the other day we were, uh, we were working on the concept, we're a bit between the topics of multiprocess programming and multithreading programming and we were left with him commenting that today we were going to look at the topic, although we start today and continue the next day, of parallel and distributed computing. Okay? For this, we are going to look at Socket Client and Socket Server. Let's talk about distributed communication across a network. Okay, let's go to new file 002 uh, well, 003, I think. 003 eh workers.html. [Music] Okay, so for that we're going to explore that in HTML, in JavaScript, to be more precise, there's the figure of the worker. The worker figure is basically a thread, a processing thread within which between us and the machine, it is clear that we have the web browser in between, and the web browser in between, well, it is not a software specifically designed to be, okay?, specifically designed to be efficient in terms of resource use, but hey, something is something, right? So let's see, uh, JS worker minimal example, okay? So there's a method called new worker. Wait, let's see. Yes, okay. Okay. Okay, this is the worker, okay? There's a, here it is, there's a worker that's a new worker, that is, it 's a default JavaScript object, in fact, for a few years now. The thing is, it goes very unnoticed, okay? And here and here I'm going to create a js worker. I 'm going to call it worker 3 or 003 worker because since we're going to create multiple versions of this file, it's fine. 003worker.cs.js. Good. Now I'm going over here, I'm going to local host, I'm going to I'm going to second, I'm going to services and multithreaded processes. Uh, no, sorry. Oh, wait. Yes, just a moment. Where am I? Distributed pair. Exercises. Okay. And HTML workers. Very good. It is important that this has to be done on a local server, on a patch, okay? It cannot be said directly. Start worker momentin and count 1. Okay? Good. What's going on? So what's happening, let's look at the code, is that here in the worker, here in the worker, what I have is a set interval, a set interval that has one second, okay? That is, it has one second of time, which means that E data is equal to start. No, I don't need it. Let's see it. No, we're going to do the simplest example we can ever make of a worker. Worker post message, no good. Stop on click. No, no, no, no. I don't need this. on message. Okay. Okay. Very good. And now next in the worker, I'm simply going to say post message is that what you were seeing is not the most representative sample. Okay, then let's see. Hey, worker post message, hello. from the main thread to the worker and the worker wave from the worker back to the main thread. So you can see that the interface for sending and receiving information is actually very simple. First it is an instant worker, second when I receive a message and third I send you a message. Okay? This is the return channel and this is the outward channel. Okay, let's see. Let's see. Now the example is simplified. Okay, and web worker demo. It's not that this is not necessary and this is not necessary. Okay, so you don't think it's difficult, okay? Okay. Hey, that gives us a click. I don't want a click anymore. Oh, okay. Okay. It was a click away. Wow, that's it. What do you think? Okay, GPT chat does this with all the best intentions in the world, but there are times when you say, "It could be simpler than that." Okay. Okay. Hello from the worker back to the main thread. That is, a message has been sent, the worker has picked up the message, and the worker has returned. Okay, but next, next I'm going to say I'm going to say uh console.log with console.log uh and data. Okay. Okay. Hello back. Hello from the worker. Back to the main hero. Once we've done this, once I've made it clear that the workers' interface is clear, it couldn't be clearer, okay? More intuitive, easier, that is, create a worker, send messages, listen to messages, that's it. Okay, now here comes the fun part. 004, strong calculation. 004. I'm going to 004 worker, right? 004 worker. Okay. Okay. I go to the 004 worker and I tell him and I tell him the 004 worker is going to say the classic. For let i equals 0. I is less than unchuunchu and more than. and I say, uh, LED number is equal to 1.00 and a decimal, so the classic example of forcing a heavy calculation. And I say number multiplied equals 1.00. Okay? Okay. So, next, next strong calculation, okay? And sorry and I come here and I will see that there is a core that is there. Hit me. Okay, I'll see a core that's there, hit it. If you want, if you want what I could have done is here at the end of the worker, post message finished. Okay, I can't do it now. I'm going to start another one. Okay, okay. Now I will have torn out another core. My processor is starting to make itself heard. Okay. And now, at some point I may have put a very heavy calculation on it, I don't know. Probably. Okay. Hey, let's see. Come on. Since I have put a heavy calculation on it. Yes, wait. There. Okay, so that's it. Okay, now I've gone a little too far. Come on. And finished more. And finished a little more. No more. Okay. And now take about 10 seconds, okay? And finished. But of course, what happens? So what I can do next is create an array of workers, okay? So 005 array of workers. And so if a heavy-duty worker is already easy, creating an array of workers is going to be even easier because LED workers equals array. And then I say let number workers equals 8, for example. We'll talk about it now. So I say for let i is equal to 0 and is less than number workers and plus more and then I say workers of i is equal to new worker. So, I'm not creating one worker, I'm creating eight workers. Okay? So, now here, now here. That's not exactly clean, but it's okay. Workers day. I give each one a listener and each one a sender. And then now And then now And then now eh I think I haven't derived it to the five five worker. Okay, so now I enter the workers ray. Eh, worker is not define. Where? Ah, here. Workers. There. Okay, surcharge. Okay, I'm going, I'm going to the monitor and look at what's happening on the monitor. And this is what it is, okay? And I am and I am They are already coming, they are already coming. Do you see it? Aside from that, the interface for when they arrive is super expensive because since you have it in the JavaScript console, it arrives to you. So what happens? Well, if this subject is about multi-processing, damn it, well, JavaScript and the web browser serve as a multi-core computing platform. Who would have told you? I mean, it sounds weird, but it is like that. If I want to find out the number of cores I have in the machine, okay? And now next I say 006, the number of cores on my machine. And I turn this into 006 worker, okay? Well, the number of cores, LED number of cores is equal to navigator punh hardware concurrency. That is, it is a, that is, the web browser has a parameter that is hardware concurrency, so I don't have to do eight. I can say, adapt to the number of cores this machine has. So I'm going to 006. We're going to 006. Wait, tell me. Console.log number of workers or number of cores, it doesn't matter to me. Ok, 006 and it tells me 16. It correctly detects the cores of my machine and puts the machine at full speed. And it's super easy. And now they're finishing up and they're arriving and they're doing whatever, okay? And as I say, if you notice, the way of sending and the way, that is, we can use multicore and I don't have to use all the cores because as you can see, OBS is recording my zoom. Luis, Luis, I've already figured out why when I teach this everyone says it, okay? The evil idea of multi-core is in the browser, because of course, I 'm obviously in my local browser right now, but I could serve this on a web page to the internet, to the world. Okay? I know you are having an evil idea about using remote users' resources for evil. Yes I know. Okay, I know, I know. Luis, you 're thinking about this because every time I teach this to everyone, it occurs to them and I don't say no. Okay, just a moment, just a moment. You see, uh, I'm going to tell you something because now next, of course, this was on a local computer, okay? But remember, this is parallel and distributed computing, right? But? FB your door lock. Well, you know what happens? If you lived in the United States, you'd have a problem, but in Spain, nothing matters, you know? Here in Spain, as long as you don't steal from the State, you can do whatever you want. That's why you can do whatever you want to anyone because the state doesn't give a damn, you know? Because the state is as long as you don't bother me, kill whoever you want, you know? But anyway, if you kill him, don't kill him too high, but anyway. Good. Uh, in the late 90s there was a project called City at home Home, which is no longer operational, right? is no longer available. But if we look at the page, if we look at the page, the initial release is in 1999, mind you, that's a lot of merit, right? And it was stopped indefinitely on March 31st. In '99, there wasn't the computing power, the number of processors, distributed servers, right? But I was starting to see the internet. SETI is one of the projects searching for extraterrestrial intelligence. The problem that the United States had, in this case, in the 1990s, is that sweeping the entire space, analyzing the entire space is a huge task, it's an endless task, right? But SETI came up with it. Hey, what if we distributed computing power across all the people connected to the Internet— which in '99 started to number in the millions— and asked people to donate their computing power to us, okay? You apart from when you started the program from the set home, you opened this, okay? And you were amazed because, I mean, they sent you a packet of information, they used your computer to analyze that small packet of information and it was sent back, and so on with millions of computers, right? And you were amazed. And it's basically the same thing you're thinking, but instead of applying data mining, uh, which in this case is, well, a slightly more individual and selfish, pecuniary, monetary interest, okay? But what if we used it for something that would benefit all of humanity? I mean, the whole seti thing was, well, there's a lot of space to scan, but on Earth there are a lot of computers. What if we used the Earth as a giant brain? Okay? And among all the computers we calculate faster. I think if aliens ever visit us one day and see projects like these, they'll say, "Wow, these people are cool." Know? These people are, I mean, if they think like this, they're moving in the right direction, but of course, then I understand that there are many other things that we do and they'll say, well no, they're not moving in the right direction. But anyway, so the idea is this, I mean, I just told you about seti to tell you that well, you can make other uses of distributed computing that aren't necessarily mining, but to everyone, I tell you that when I show this to someone, everyone thinks about the mining thing. Of course, now I'm going to do a little demonstration, which is going to be taking a data packet and calculating it. Okay? Let's see why now 007 data packet, okay? Like when we download the pirate, in what sense? Data packet. I say this because I don't see the parallel right now, but I'm sure there are several possible ones. And 007. Okay, so let's see now and now comes the topic of communication between processes, semaphores, all that. Okay, now you'll see what a move it is. So, let's see. Just a moment, I have the mic. Yes, okay, correct. Now what I'm going to do next is I'm going to say, eh, LED package is equal to, I don't know, you know? Look, I'm going to GPT chat and I'm going to tell him that uh hm Well, you know? Give me the first paragraph of this Don Quixote. Oh, [ __ ] no. Okay, uh, no, but much more so, in its full form. Let's see. Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, correct. Yes, yes, yes, exactly. Okay, but no, I mean, the one on the set home, I'm telling you, was totally aware. Uh, you can use a lot of, let's say, a lot of things for evil, right? But the idea is that there will certainly be other things, other people thinking about how to use it for evil, but let's think about how to use it for good, okay? So let eh let package is equal to this, okay? Okay, and then LED eh tokens equals package split of the space. Good. And in the meantime, what I'm going to do, what I'm going to do is a very, very far from Transformers kind of thing, okay? Very far, very far, very far, very far. Console.log log tokens. What I just did, what I just did is leave, okay? There you split a paragraph into an array of words that in the context of artificial intelligence we would call tokens, right? They are not just words, but well, let's take them as individual words. From there, of course, what I'm going to do is take this, break this into 16 pieces, okay? length equals LED length equals tokens. Length and console. log length, okay? And 162. Okay, now next I 'm going to say, uh, LED block equals length match number of cores. But console punl log block will give me a decimal number. Hello. Number of cores. Number of Ah, number of cores. Okay, okay, sorry. Okay, 10,125. Okay, so what I need is the mat failing. Math. Fail. Okay, 11. Good. And from here, and from here. Okay. Okay. And from here, console.log block for a second now I want to split this packet into each of these blocks, okay? And let's see for a moment, a moment that I'm thinking, okay? for let i is ig to 0 and is less than eh number of cores because the number of cores is the number of packets that I have and plus plus and then LED packets is equal to array and I say packets pun push and Now I say e no, wait. Tokens dot splice, okay? Published by block comma block. And if everything went well, console. OG packages. What I just did there. Oh wow, 32. Why 32? Wait, wait, wait. Oh, no, no. Ah, no, no, no. Sorry, sorry. 11. What do you mean 11? No, let's see. Okay, LED copy equals tokens. Now copy dot splic. Now yes. Okay. I was loading the original lightning, I think. Let's see. No, no, not yet. Why is everything here? Okay, it's all there. It should be there to start with because there are 32. More number of cores. More because there are 32. Let's see why number of cores. Ah, maybe it detects 32 cores. Don't know. No, I shouldn't. Okay, so copy dot splices. Oh, wow. Uh, wait. This should be giving an error. And block. This is something else. In a place in La Mancha whose name I don't want to remember. Okay, 16. Why is it why is it why isn't it going all the way? Don't know. I don't know right now, but basically this starts to illustrate the process I want to do, okay? Which is basically taking a pack of tokens and processing them. Sure, what would you say I'm going to do now? Well, as you can imagine, what I'm going to do now is send each of these packets to each of the processing cores. Hey, I insist, we're still local, but as you can imagine, if tomorrow there aren't eight, but 8,000, and there are 10 connected devices, then I'll send a packet of 1,000 to each connected device. Okay, we'll take it step by step, obviously, but you can imagine what we're doing with this. So now next I'd like to know, well, there are 16 cores now, thank goodness, although there are going to be 16 there are going to be eight cores that are dying of laughter, but okay, I don't know, it doesn't matter what it is. Let's see. And by block, okay, well, whatever. Okay, now I unlock the cores, okay? And in the post message, and now comes the question. In the post message what I'm going to do is send tokens, packets, sorry, I. packets. And in the worker what I'm going to do is eh LED data is equal to E.data. And look, post message data. Let's see it. I remove the console. And let's see what comes back. And this is what comes back. This is what is coming back from each of the workers. And now I'm going to do some simple operation, okay? For example, let's see, JavaScript and JS char to appear in JavaScript, not in CSS, obviously. Ah, look, there you go. I had no control over how easy it would be. Well for let i is ig to 0 and is less than data pun leng plus data of i is equal to char to is not data of i to supercase and post message data ok and now I come here I reload and if you notice what I'm seeing from the workers is this. It is the text in capital letters. It's a very silly operation, okay? It's very silly, but it just goes to show that if we can do this, we can do whatever we want, right? And no, look, I'm not imagining Google doing calculations with a million powerful computers. It's not that I imagine it, it's what it is, it's how it works. I mean, that's been the reality for years. The what is not the unknown, the how is the unknown. And this exercise is intended to illustrate how, right? It comes to illustrate, of course, what happens? Well, over the next few days, we'll continue doing exercises like this one to show you that technology isn't difficult. Now, what is going to be difficult for us, I think, is this part here. That is, taking a problem that is linear, because what you're seeing is a linear problem, it's a linear paragraph, and analyzing what strategies we can use to take a linear problem, break it down into many problems that can be solved in parallel, okay? For example, uploading videos to YouTube may be using 1000 servers altogether. Fran, don't even doubt it. I mean, I mean, did you doubt it? Let's ask it, but not right now, but rather, uh, for example, how many servers on YouTube can be processing not just the upload, not just the upload, but also the video compression in a parallel or distributed manner? Because of course, YouTube doesn't have a parallelism problem, it has a distribution problem. That is to say, YouTube doesn't have a single giant video to process across thousands of computers, but rather millions of people uploading millions of videos, so by providing a computer for each person, in quotes, it's already solved. But let's see what Chat GPT tells us. an estimate. He probably doesn't have the exact data, obviously, but he can certainly give us an estimate. Let's see. There is no public figure. It's clear. This was very clear that it was going to happen, but for a moment. [Music] Okay, okay. The video is encoded in multiple codexes, effectively in multiple resolutions. Okay, how many machines for a video? Okay, okay. Segmented into 2-second chunks and encoded in two codexes, there are 6 encoding tasks. Many are grouped by worker. Note that I haven't said anything about workers to the GPT chat, okay? They are paralyzable units, tens to scale. Okay, so let's see. Okay, tens of thousands of machines per work, per cluster, and with multiple clusters in parallel, meaning millions of active tasks distributed continuously. Google does not publish the number of servers. Let's see. H, well, I'll tell you, right? I mean, they won't give us a specific number, but I can tell you that in the case of Google and the problem of video segmentation, which is actually a good example, the truth is, we could be talking about, I mean, Google's video segmentation is a similar case to what we did last week, which is taking an image, breaking it into pieces, solving each piece, okay? It's the same, but applied to video. Take a video, break it into pieces, send each piece to a different machine, collect the pieces, and put it back together. Of course, picking up the pieces and putting it back together is part of what we'll be looking at here, which is interprocess communication and interprocess synchronization. That is to say, it is not acceptable to me that, as we say today, a worker, each worker is vomiting their contents at me and that's it. And I say, "Yeah, but I need it all together." Okay? So if you want, if you want, what I'm going to do is the following at the end, because this isn't of much use to me, they 're throwing up the Okay, right, correct. No, no, no. 100 servers and one video per server. Well, either yes or also, you know? So, 008 eh recompose the data. I 'm going to show you a short traffic light system, which is a classic in parallel computing, okay? And I say, let's see, LED traffic light is equal to 0. Every time a worker answers me, traffic light plus more. And then every time a worker responds to me, if semaphore equals, I think number of cores if semaphore equals number of cores. Console. we're done. And if we're done, that means we're done, right? Note that we have finished and it does not appear until all the data returns. That means console. log. Now we recompose the data and I'm going to say LED recompose equals Ray, okay? And then I say, let's compose quietly. There we recompose from IG to e pun data. No, sorry. Well, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. AE. Data. And at the end console. we recompose log. Let's see it. And in the end we have an array in a but we already have an array, okay? We don't have a bunch of different chuns, we have one result. And if you want And if you want eh LED string is equal to nothing, for let J is equal to 0. J is less than that we recompose. point length J+ and then chain more equal to we recompose. No, wait a moment, just a moment. Okay, LED J. Okay. And now LED JK. Now yes. Okay, one more chain equals slaps, wait. Ah, we're recomposing from J, I think. Hey, I'm not with anyone else right now. We recompose from J and K. Surely there is an easier way to square a chain, but oh well. Console. Log string. Oh, K k. This is the K. This is the K and this is the K. Okay. And no console dot log string. Hello. Coma. Chain. No. Ah, ah, sorry. More equal, more equal, more equal. No. Oh, gosh, I can't redefine. Goes. Oh, you got it. Oh yeah, sorry. And more space, sorry. And there you have it. In a place in La Mancha whose name I do not want to be mentioned. I think that's not right, huh? I think somewhere in La Mancha. Ah, from spear to shipyard instead of the stain. Well, I'll have to see about that. I think the order isn't correct, but at least everything came together, okay? The order is wrong, that's not right, it needs to be changed, it needs to be fixed, okay? But well, this is a bit of a demonstration of what we'll be working on in the coming days, a moment to come here, which is the synchronization between processes and it's basically when you do n't need everyone to come to finish the operation or when, of course, finishing the operation depends on everyone having finished and everyone coming back and everyone bringing their corresponding piece or not. Okay, I don't know. I mean, sometimes it might be yes and sometimes it might not, it depends a bit on the context and little else. And nothing, and what I hope is that today, Luis, I have given you ideas, but not evil ideas, okay? but rather to have given you ideas in the sense that I have always had a lot of affection for this subject. The thing is, I 've always said it's a subject that doesn't have much application in real life because there aren't that many companies that are looking for personnel trained in multicore and multiprocessing, right? So, well, I've always said, it's a subject I love, it's super nice, but, well, business management systems is going to give you a lot more work. But what's going on? Well, what I believe I have told you in previous classes of this subject, is that we are in the era of artificial intelligence, and in the era of artificial intelligence, distributed computing and even parallel computing have a key importance. And we have an algorithm on the table that they might improve in the next few years, probably, right? But what about Transformers? Curiously, and I'll tell you about it later, it's terribly parallelizable because you can take a text and you can put several heads on that text, each head does its thing and, obviously, you can send each head to a different worker and then in the end the parts come together. So, from the point of view of what I've told you several times, which is about, well, winning in Spain, I mean, at a geographical, local level, gaining technological independence and not depending so much on other countries. Obviously, we should collaborate with other countries, of course, but we shouldn't depend so heavily on other countries, but rather have more technological independence. Well, I think this subject is important, okay? And now that's a matter of, at a given moment, looking for job offers that fall within this specific and concrete niche, well, it's more difficult, obviously, but okay, but it's something that can be done without any problem. Well, that's all for today. See you tomorrow, then, for the first intermodular project and the second for business management systems. Tell me, Luis tells, ask. Wait, I think you're going to ask me about the Yes, yes, starting today, but not today yet, okay? Which is why I'm telling you this because I'm closing the topic of evaluation. A text editor file that I had here, a little while, which will now open with an email that I will now send to all of you, making a brief recap, so it's not yet Exact. It's still here, okay? Hey, you're going to get this one today with the recap and such, where I tell you about the evaluation, the activities, the teaching and all that, but not the activities yet, okay? But since we have class tomorrow, I'll tell you in more detail why and what I'm doing, and I'll show you the Python code and all that. Okay? Come on, see you tomorrow for the intermodular project and then for management systems. Okay, come on, guys, that's it. Alleluia.