We start with I never remember. With what? What do we start with? We start theoretically with services and processes. We start with data access. Okay, very good. Let's go to data access. Let's go to data access. Okay, we were working the other day. Let's see. Oh, how strange. Handling connectors. Okay. Holy [ __ ], wait. File management. Job. Cop. I'm in the right place. Let's see for a moment. Access methods. Okay. Classes for this. Okay. Letters. Okay, file operations, hashes and sequential. Okay. Serialization and deserialization. Okay. Working with files. Okay. Exceptions and developing applications that use files. Okay, let's go for it. The objective in this case is to create a small connector that works with files and allows us to understand each other. Let's make a CSV storage engine, okay? Let's go, we're going to work with a small MySQL engine, but for CSV files, so 001 Python introduction. Let's start with Python and now we'll see later, now later I'd like to transform this into a C++ program, okay? And so we make an executable connector. Okay, so let's do a simulation of the CSV connector. The thing is, it sounds to me like we were working with relational mapping last week. But I don't know, I don't know in what part of my brain that happened. Desfase objeto relacional y por qué me he saltado yo estas unidades. In the end. Okay, well, nothing, come on. Okay, CSV, I was saying, what is a CSV? Well, you already know that a CSV is a file that allows us to enter rows and columns, right? So if I want to have clients, for example, I have the first name, comma, last name, comma, and email, comma, address, okay? And now I have José Vicente, comma Carratalá, comma milk, comma info@josicente or info@jocarsa.com, José Vicente's street. Okay, the idea is that next, not in ORM like last week, but directly in relational, I want a way to save this information. What I am going to show you now, in fact, is not either. Look, eh, Damian. And come on, perfect. Oh look, and it just got fixed. Ah, okay. Okay, so, uh, Myers SQL, if you look at MySQL, if I enter a table, well, in fact, CSV is one of the engines that MySQL has. So, what I want in today's class is the following. I want to create a file, save data in csv.python format. Okay, what are we going to do? Well, I want tuple equal to some data, some data that will be eh José Vicente comma Carratalá. Oh, blame Carratalá and info@jocarsa.com. And now what I want is to save this to a file. For example, I'm going to do hm file equals open clients.Csv and I want it in write mode, I want it or in appen mode, for example. So file. And I want and I want and I want and I want and I want em What do I want? Well, I want to write the tuple, but of course, this is going to give me an error, of course. So file point close. Okay, let's run it. Let's run it. I'm going to Dam. I'm going to the second one, I'm going to data access, file management, working with files and then we're going to save that tuple and most likely I'm going to get an error because Python 30002 save, okay? And he'll say, "No, you have to save a string, you can't save a tuple, okay? What can I do?" Well, I can serialize and deserialize, okay? So to save in the tuple what I can do is ah string equals nothing and for field in tuple. This is the part I love about Python: string plus equals field plus a comma. So here we go. We run again. Hey, no, yeah, sure. Chain. And now 003. We serialize. Okay. And I want to save the chain, so we do it like this. Hey, hey, let's see. No, tuple, what are you telling me? archive. Tuple, it's not that I want Python 3003. Okay, now I do have CSV clients and what I just did is convert a tuple or a list or I don't care what inside a CSV file, okay? with which I have a kind of, so to speak, I have a kind of insert. In this way, I could now become a reader, a writer. Now I want to read 004, deserialize, which would then lead to this, okay? We would go to an application like this. The only thing is that this is a JSON. So now what I'm doing is file equals open clients CSV in read mode and eh let's look at it and I want to deserialize. So line equals file. Readline and then I say tuple equals line dot split with comma. Uh, print tuple or list, because it really is a list. I'm going to say tuple and I'm going to say print type tuple so we can see that it's not really a tuple. So Python 3 004 and okay, I have it converted there and it tells me that it's a list, which I don't care about because I convert it to a tuple, I convert it to a tuple. And then I say, eh, tuple equals tuple of tuple. And then I say print tuple and type tuple. Python 005. Okay, now it's a tuple. That means that from here, as you can imagine, what I can do is convert this into a connector, uh, make a class, okay? For example, let's see it, let's do it quickly because I want to get to the next exercise, which is the really cool one, okay? and eh I come over here and say, "Take this eh writer and this reader and create a class with two methods." And then next I say 006 class with two methods. Okay, so called CSV manager and I have this, okay? I have the class and it looks much more elegant, okay? I have writing and I have reading, which basically does the same thing. And I have a demonstration, okay? And I have a usage demo where I can create a new CSV manager instance just like someone who creates a new MySQL instance and from there I have the write method and the read method, right? What are you going to give me, in fact, we are going to execute him. Where are you saving? To CSV clients. I can also modify it, okay? and Python 3 eh 006. Okay, and I have the same thing there. Okay, but today, apart from reviewing work with files, there's one thing I'm really interested in, which I think is an exercise you'll really enjoy, which is reviewing the power of Python to process large file systems, okay? Big data. So for that, in this same subunit, for a moment, I'm going to fold in some other things to focus on. In this subunit, what I want to do is use Python to process an entire file system and obtain information from it. And what's going on here? No, without saving and out. Vale, entonces voy a hacer un nuevo archivo. review tree. recursive directory structure in Python and there are new libraries in Python in recent versions that specifically do this. Hey, Python Pars directore recursive, okay? And that's it, okay, this is imports. Okay, and the route and the route that I'm going to put is, for example, well, look, bar w html and eh DAM 2526, okay? which is the folder we are working on here in the cycle. Well, let's see. Let's see it. I now proceed to execute. I run Python 3 and eh 007 and it goes back. Okay, this appears. Very good. Within each directory. It's going into each directory and telling me what's there. So from here on there are 1 million things we can do. And then in this class I'm going to develop a bunch of components that I think are going to be useful and not useful to you throughout the rest of the course for a billion things. So I'm going to do the following. 008 and we'll see. file tree files and directories okay. And then I say the following. Print directory for sub in subdirectories. Okay, so I'm going to do level equals 0. And now every time I go up a level, level plus equals 1. And then I say subdirectory sub and level is uh the syntax, you know, for formatting level and file. Archive. Okay. So if this is true, Python 3 008 008. Okay. And we'll see. Wow. Ah, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, it's counting, counting, counting directories, right? Let's see. What I want is Let's see. for sub in subdirectories. I don't want to catch the level. Moment. I want to get level depth level. Oh, that and where is this. Okay, let's go. Now yes, okay. Level 6, level 5, level 6 and so on. Okay, next, I like this. What I want is to keep the last element of a URL, okay? So, the last element, let's look at it. This is directory. Let's see, directory, subdirectory, right? Ah, no, directory. Host. Ah. Subdirectory. Okay. And directory and subdirectory. But exercises. Exercises. Okay, I don't want the subdirectory. I want this out. 009. I don't want the subdirectory, I think. Okay. Python 009. Okay, perfect. Now yes. Okay, now next, if I have the level, what I want to do is format the string as many spaces as the level has. So, for, let's see, for this in range from zero to level. Another thing I can do, sorry, is more beastly. I take off the F and call it space multiplied by level. Let's see if this works for me. Sometimes it works. And directory. Oh, well, I don't want the print format, okay? and level. Well, more space, more level, more level. And the most that can happen to me is that this has to be a STR. Okay. Okay. Let's try it and see if it doesn't explode too much. This, what is it? This is 010 formatting and uh Python 3 010. Okay. Okay. This is starting to work, okay? The dirty trick worked for me, which is basically putting a space in multiplied by the level, okay? which is a very dirty Python trick, but it worked for me. And now next here, okay? Directory and level level five, okay? In fact, you could put two spaces, then it will make double. And now the file. So in the file I'm going to do the same thing, print. And this utility, I insist, I mean, you can save it because you're going to use it a lot, but a lot, 1000, okay? So uh level plus level + 1 multiplied by two spaces times two spaces, okay? More file and that's it. And this is going out. Okay. And let's see if we put 011 file and see if we can keep the code as simple as possible. Python 3011. Fantastic. Okay, good, good. Two and two. Very good. Okay, below the folders, you can see how the folder structure is now appearing here. I would like not to have the whole route, I would like to have only the final part. Well, there is a way to do it which is directory split points of slash and -1. -1 is keep the last one, another dirty Python trick. So I run. This is something else, okay? So here, as you can see, he 's taking out a tree from me. Then the level doesn't matter, I can take it off now. I can remove the level now. Okay. And now, well, one thing I can do, for example, is to use emojis to distinguish between a folder and a file. So eh let's put 012 emojis. Hey, I'm going to go to emojis.jocarsa.com. I'm going to put file. Well, it's not any of them. Y folder, mira. Folder. Yes. Okay, so this is a folder. Oh, and no, wait, this is a folder, okay? Eat emoji. And this is clear, file, but file. Ah, I'm looking to see if there's any Mira, this one, for example. This one is already done. It will be as a document, okay? more more eh emoji more file. Okay, technically if you want to do it the same way, we're going to do it the same way and use the console. Wait, this is Python 3 012 emojis. Oh, and this already looks cool. Okay. And now next, And now next, before before each of the emojis, I'm going to put an L. Okay, I guess you know what I mean. I'm going to put an L like a bar, like an arm, I think it's called, an arm elbow, which is the next one. Hey, let's see. I do n't think it will be here because I think it is an ASCI character. Okay, asci table. Easy tables. Aha, aha, aha. It is one of the advanced ones. Yeah. Well no. Wow, weird. Let's see, as tables, eh, elbow, the elbow. There's one that's an Oh, no, uh, over here, over here, over here. Yes, but [ __ ], but don't give me an image. But these are these are these are. Okay, let's see. Yes, but no. Extended. As table. Extended. Extended. This, this is starting to appear. This is what I want. Here you are. Okay. I want, I want, I want this theoretically, okay? I insist, it is a legal ASCI character, so theoretically it should be supported. So let's put in asci. 013. We enter Asti, okay? And in the file, before the file, I want to put this and in the directory I want to put this. But but I'm going to run Python 3, I don't remember anymore, uh, 013. Okay, fine. Okay. Oh, wow. Oh, yeah. Okay, [Music] okay. The one in the folder is correct, but of course, now I need these characters. Okay, the one in the file isn't the correct one because the one in the file is this one, which isn't entirely true either, but okay. Uh, that, that, that, right? No, let's see, I've also done, okay, that, okay? A lot of times with an arrow stick. Look, Fran, as you can imagine, I want this for several reasons, many reasons. It's a software that we're going to use later as a reusable component in a lot of places. One of them is AI, okay? Honestly, you already see me coming. And so, what I want to tell you is that the AI ​​doesn't care if you put pipe sticks and pipes up and such, or if you do it in Asti because it will understand you. What happens is that in the same way that I put an emoji to make it look nice and well, it's also better if we put astis because then both on a visual level it looks cool because for example, as you can imagine, we are going to make a software that makes software reports, okay? That is, documentation and of course, the documentation will look cooler asci than you know what characters alone, but as I said, it could be done, right? And now what I want And now what I want is that from here to here there is a vertical character, okay? Yes, nothing happens, nothing happens. So the vertical character, the vertical character we're going to mix here. Okay, sure, level plus a no. What I want is 014, eh, we enter vertical asci and I say level plus one, no. This over here. Now I want the vertical asci which is correct. This, this is the vertical one, okay? This, two spaces. Ah, look, this is not necessary. And this two spaces. Okay, let's try it. I'm gone. Yes. Python 30 14. Oh, how could I not? Something done wrong. Yes. Oh yes, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Okay, this two spaces plus this. Now yes. Let's see it. Okay, this looks different now. Very good. In the Ah, just a moment, just a moment. Sure, this helps me for the last one. Aquí también en las carpetas podría meter esta menos en la última. Okay. Okay. And now this happens. It turns out I'm only seeing the last folder, but I should see the others as well. to put the others in too. Oh, wait, wait, wait, Miguel Ángel, you'll see, you'll see, because now I'm going to want to know how many kilobytes each file takes up and all that, okay? Now I'm going to want to extract information and then I'll also tell you, okay? Later on, I'm working with emojis now, but depending on the extension I could change the icon a little bit like Windows, okay? But I insist, Mil Ángel, we are doing this beautifully, but not just to make it beautiful, but later, for example, when I feed an artificial intelligence a project and say, "Tell me what this project is about." Okay, now we'll see. Let's continue. Okay, so I'm going to put in the following. I think I'm going to put in a pipe with space. Okay, I think I'll try this. So, I do this. Let's see. Oh, okay, it works fine with the files, but it doesn't work well for me. It's the other way around. is pipe and space. Well, pipe that's how it is. Okay. And now, and now, and now I need him here too. Okay, this is something else. This already looks different. Good. And we're going to see it. Let's see it. Okay, now we have to touch on a few things, although things are already starting to get here. It is, for example, here. Hey, yeah, useful. Yes. Okay, but once I've made clear what I want, now what I want, for example, is for the last file not to have this one, but to have the elbow one, okay? But I can leave that to the AI ​​once we've made it clear what we want. For example, this last folder has an elbow and doesn't continue, okay? Okay. And this one here, for example, has an elbow and doesn't continue. Okay. Come on, perfect. But I insist, above all you, Miguel Ángel, you said, "How beautiful, right? For me, this is the beautiful thing. For me, the beautiful thing is being able to do this and having the code as minimal as possible. Okay, let's see if it doesn't make a mess of things. Let's see if we're lucky. So, let's see. I would like to enhance this drawing elbows, for example, in the in the last elements of a folder, use emojis, and so on. Let's see. And Fran, that's what I mean, okay? That's the magic of Python, that's the beauty of Python. And it's that really, as I always tell you, these are really five lines because the whole story is in here, okay? But that, for me, is the beautiful thing, being able to make a component that we then have to encapsulate in a function, obviously. Okay, let's see. Well, the invention went to hell, but okay, it was clear that it was going to happen, no problem. And probably, well, it's that GPT is like that, [ __ ]. And It's clear, it immediately creates control structures for me, it creates defensive programming for me so that eventually, in the case of uncontrolled assumptions, which is not this case, in the case of not having permission, I can put all this and such, okay? But well, fine, fine, I like it. Fine. Okay, 015 extending. Okay. And here we go. Okay, if it's last, then print this one for me. And if not, print this one for me. Okay. Okay. Let's try it. Hey, Python 3 and I don't remember anything. 015. Okay, of course, obviously, now this is prettier, okay? Okay, now next. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now next I'm going to say save it for me, I mean, sorry, encapsulate it for me. It 's a draw 3. Okay, it's already encapsulated. Ah, look, this is the route. Okay, but there's a problem. There's a problem is that everything is doing a print and you know I always tell you that prints in programming are kind of forbidden, okay? Print shouldn't be inside a function. I say, "Okay, I like it." But please transform all functions to return and leave print to the usage. I might need to save it to disk instead. Okay, so the idea is don't print me, just return me, and then I'll decide if I put it in the database, if I print it, if I print it to the screen or send it to HTML or whatever I want. Okay? So, what do I always tell you? That is that functions don't print, but rather return. Let's see if I've received any more emails, although I doubt it, although I doubt it, it's not worth it because it's in the afternoon. Okay, so now I come here, this is 016 return instead of print, okay, and print to screen or save to file. Okay, so let's go. 016 Python 3 016. Okay, Okay, okay. But it also converted it to 3.txt, right? That's exactly the trick. And from here, I have this as a file in a function that I can then externalize to a Python file and then I can use it for whatever we want. And for whatever we want, for example, to give you an example today, it would be taking this, putting it into an artificial intelligence, which I don't think would be very interesting there. And now, wait, let's do something. I'm going to put this, the file directly. Copy, paste to the desktop so I can pass it to GPT chat. Okay, I do this and I say, "Tell me what's happening here." With which, reading documents, hierarchical dump, okay? Modules appear like databases, each module is subdivided into units, numbered units, blah blah blah blah blah. Okay? And then, as you know, especially those of you who had me last year, you know that I have a software called eh Light Yellow Golden Road or Light Golden Road Yellow, which in a second pass asks for the specific content of each file and in the specific content of each file, it puts the content there. Okay? Good. So, for now, we're going to dedicate the rest of the class, well, yes, more or less the rest of the class to programming, that is, programming services and processes, okay? So, as you can imagine, in the next data access class, we'll program a component that tells me what this file has, and what we'll be doing in the end is a bit of reprogramming the software I have from last year, the Light Golden Road Yellow, okay? Do you also remember the software from last year? From Tomato, right? From Tomato, it was for monitoring the server that made chocolate, okay? Do you remember Chocolate? It was a software for documenting projects, which is, tell me what hierarchy a project has, tell me what's inside each file, and in this course, with the help and intelligence Artificial: Read the project, read the file, document the project for me, that is, document both each individual file and what the project does. And the goal in the end is to use data access techniques combined with artificial intelligence, for example, to get rid of the heaviest part of a project, which is precisely documenting. Okay, come on, this way. Wow, Luis, you're doing great. Okay, just a moment because we're just about to make the class change.