recording over there. Okay. And we enter into processes without services. Time this was databases first. Okay, let's go to processes and services. Second, services and processes, which I always say the other way around. I always say it backwards because the subject is called services and processes, but then in the syllabus it says processes first and then services, right? But anyway, it doesn't matter, that's the least of it, obviously. Okay, so we stayed last week. Ah, yes. Gosh, I don't know, eh, I have no idea, but I don't care. I mean, I also think I have it wrong with the video schedule, but I really don't care who goes first and who goes after. Just a moment, because I have access to data in the course calendar. Yes, correct. So let's go with data access, okay? Because I think it comes out backwards. Yes, yes, it really doesn't matter, right? But we're going with access to data more than anything so that the recordings are in the correct order, okay? I think the order of the recordings is incorrect, but we'll talk about it later, as there's an easy solution, okay? So file management, salization, desalting, right? We have already talked about this regarding connector management. Okay, time for file work. Okay, okay. To serialize. And today I want to talk a little bit about applications that use files, okay? Today I want to talk a little about the object- relational gap and what it means. Let's see. Hey, I'm going to do an introduction 001 introduction.md MD and I'm going to tell you the following. Um, let's see, many applications work with collections of objects. Okay, so now we're going to give an example. Obviously, for example, in Python, those objects can have a complex hierarchy of properties, right? And that's it. And it is like this and it has to be like this and it is good that it is like this. Now, I insist, I will give an example. The problem is, what happens when we save that data? Solution one, which I think we've seen these days and yes, I think we did an exercise, okay? I'm a bit mentally unsettled right now, but solution one, pickle. Please confirm whether or not it's true that we saw a Pickel exercise, but what Pickel basically does is save all the information directly into memory, that is, dump the objects directly into memory and then retrieve it. Pisquel is great, okay? But Pisquel is a bit of a beast. Confirm or not, eh, if we have done something with Pickel at some point, because I have it in my head, but I'm not 100% sure. Okay, correct. I say this because either to avoid explaining the same thing twice or to avoid taking for granted what I have taught you and leaving it unexplained. Okay? Solution one, pickle, very beastly, very cool, but of course, if you then want to put your hand inside the data, you realize that you can't put your hand inside the data. Okay? Good. Solution two, object relational mapping. Object-relational mapping involves transforming data back and forth to a relational database. What does this mean? Okay, so this means that I now come here, I'm going to create an exercise, new file 002 and eh clients.python. And here in clients what I'm going to do is say eh clients equals dictionary and eh well, client, you know? Let's start with the client. It's equal to dictionary and then name colon José Vicente comma last name colon. Carratolá Sánchez eh email is done. Well, email, you know what? Well, no, eh, emails and then I open a Ray because I know I can do it and then I make a Ray and I say, eh, info@josicente, you know what? I open a Ray and I open objects, okay? Because? because I can. So I do this and I say, uh, type a colon, personal comma, uh, address, for example, info@josvicente cararratalá.com. Okay, comma because it's a ray, company info@jocarsa.com and I can do whatever I want with this, that is, I can create as many arrays of how many objects and here I can put another array and I know that with dictionaries and in Python I can do whatever I want and I know that if I then save this plain and simple to a JS, I save it and I'm happy. I know that if I then save it to [ __ ] B, I also know that I'll be calm because I can do it. The problem is when I want to save it in a relational database, such as My SQL. Sure, here I say, "Okay, I create a table called customers, but then I create a column called name, I create a column called last name." But of course, what about emails? Well, emails is a Ray, but of course, if it is a Ray, then I would say, "Okay, so this looks like an external table called emails, an external table with a foreign key, okay?" Okay, come on. But hey, what if I don't have one personally, but I have addresses? And in addresses I put a dash, I put a dash and I put a comma and I put jocarsa 2@gmail.com. Damn, we've already messed up, okay? And here if you want I'll put a ray too, more than anything so that the structure is predictable because wait, I mean, okay, wait. So what do I do? I can put an array field into Myers SQL, I can put a JSON field into Myers SQL, I can, I don't know, right? Put in a lot more stuff, but of course, as a person, as a human being, moreover, if I format it like this, I understand it and I say, "Okay, okay, no problem. It's a client that has several emails and can have several personal type addresses, but the moment I start thinking about how to put this into a database, well, it blows my mind, okay? It blows my mind because I say, well, no problem, there are three tables, you know? It's a client table and then an external email table and then, well, a related external table, I 'm even seeing the SQL schema in my head of URLs, that is, email addresses. But that's not the problem. The problem is that now I come here and say telephones and I have another array and in my head it's like, [ __ ], again. Okay, so with the object-relational mapping, what it's about is that if I have an application that handles data and that data, for business logic needs, can be as complex as they need to be, how to work in a way that doesn't break our heads every time we have to dump. So let's work with, for example, as I said, let's work with this example and see what happens. Besides, I insist, these are emails, okay? I could make an array. I could make a ray, okay? And obviously now it would be clients, okay? And I would have to save this information in the database. Okay? This is the mapping, the object-relational offset. I have an object, a ray of objects with a predictable structure. Yes, please. Okay, because the moment each object has a different structure, that's when we've really messed up. But I insist, for an engine like [ __ ] DB it doesn't matter. It's like, "Okay, you put it in, you'll sort it out later." But with a MySQL-type engine, well, obviously there are some restrictions, and to guarantee relationality, the structure It has to be predictable, obviously. Okay, so let's prepare an insert, but let's prepare a dynamic insert in the sense that up until now we always created a structure in SQL at the beginning and then in programming we make the program work with that structure. But what if when mapping, at the time of mapping, we dynamically create the structure, okay? With what I just told you, I think you'll see where the exercise is going, but you'll also see that this is going to be really cool, okay? So, 003 we extract the structure of the object. And then next I say the following. Hey, sample equals zero clients, that is, the first element. Print sample. Let's see what this gives us. Wait a minute, because this is from the previous class, okay? This is email for later with activity topics. This is a backup of the SQL that we were doing before in first. Let's see. Second, data access, connector management, offset, exercises, and terminal. Okay, so next I'm going to say Python 3003, Okay? And we have this over here. And now next, now next I say, okay, well tell me each of the types. Let's see, we loop through the object. Let's see. Oh, careful. We loop through the object and I say for key in, uh, show, okay? show dot, uh, dict and case. I 'm doing this from memory. Okay, wait a second, maybe it's not correct. Print key. Let's see because I'm telling you, I'm doing it from memory. Python 3 004, right? Uh, show dict case. No, yes, but wait a second, but theoretically I think I remember that's correct, but it seems not, obviously. Okay, let's see what I've forgotten. Let's see. clients. Ah, show Kiss. ​​Do you think? Show KIS. Okay, well, come on, show KIS. Okay, we execute. Okay, first name, last name, emails. Okay, but next, but next I say show, that is, print type of or sorry, type of key. In Python it is key, which tells me e emails. It's a string. Wait. No, no, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, I don't want the key, I want a sample key. Okay. Okay. So, I have class string, class string, and class list. So if I have a list there, what's going to happen is, let's see, I say if type is equal to stras. Let's see, in that case, print is I'm going to convert it into a column. Let's see it for a moment, shall we? Uh, yeah, but anyway, let's see, I'm going to take this, but I don't like it very much. No, no. Uh, let's see, there's a detail, it's never fulfilled. It's already comparing with stream, but I've compared it and I don't think it ignored me. Ah, STR, okay, sorry. str 5 quotes. That's the problem. Okay. Okay. This field here, right? This field name is a Class String and I 'm going to convert it into an SQL column. Elif type shows key equals list print. I 'm going to convert it into an external SQL table, into a linked external table, okay? An STR column, of SQL, which will be of type text or of type patch. Okay, there's the problem of the mismatch, we have to make up for the mismatch with a mapping. In the same way, the if type shows equals int, so I'm going to convert it into an external MySQL table, sorry, I'm going to convert it into an SQL column that will be of type into, it will be of type decimal, okay? Which will be of type int, which in this case will not be the if. I don't recognize the field type or I haven't been programmed for that type of field. Attention. Okay, now I insist that if you 're not getting me, tell me, okay? Because I know what you're going to say, you have an object, you're looping through the object. Why are you looping through the object? Okay, now you'll see. So next... So next I go to local host, I go In PH, I go to admin, I go to root, I go to data access. I already have it from last year, okay? I'm going to create a new one called desfase with UTF8 Spanish. Desfase. Privileges. Add user account. Desfase, desfase, desfase. Okay, okay. Good. Password. Okay, desfase. Desfase is empty, so what I'm going to do next is connect to MySQL. Python connect. Yes, yes. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm using my SQL, my finger slipped. Okay. Okay. We import 005. We import MySQL. We import MySQL. We connect. We connect. We connect to, I don't remember, desfase, password desfase, database desfase, cursor contestor. Okay. And then, uh, well, no, cursor execute, no, that 's it, that's correct. Okay. Good. And now next, and now next, what I'm going to do is create table. I'm going to do it by hand. Oh, where are you? Wait. Offset. Okay, create table. Gee. Okay, create table. Clients with four columns. Incremental primary identifier. It's always going to be like this, okay? Uh, first name exactly, uh, last name exactly, and email exactly. Okay, I'll redisplay SQL, create table. Let's see if it lets me make a doc string, mostly for convenience, and don't believe it either, but oh well. Okay. And I execute. Pay attention, look. Pay attention, look. Uh, offset is empty. Okay, it's empty. Now next, I go to Python 3 003 005. Okay. Uh, elif. Oh, gee. Clear. Okay. Okay. It did n't say anything, which means now I go to local host, reload offset, and there's a table called clients that has this structure. So, so, What do you think if I now say the following? 006 I create a list of fields. And I say, fields equals list. Please, if you see where I'm going, say, let's see where you're going. And if you don't see where I'm going, tell me in the chat, I don't know where this leads. Maybe you see where I'm going and say, "Okay, we'll see where you're going and you're crazy." Okay, I don't know, you guys tell me because this exercise is very abstract. Okay? Then I say, uh, OK, campus, campus, okay? With which, with which I come over here and say fields punapen fields. Apen key and that's it. Okay, no, Fran. Exactly. Literally what I 'm doing is an ORM, but a dynamic ORM. Entering data, right? Now without using PHP My admin, that's a little bit more indifferent to me, okay? But entering data by creating like in an ORM, unlike a URM, the issue with the ORM is that a pure ORM is that a person has to program the mapping and that can sometimes be suicide. Our goal, mental suicide. I mean, the goal, our goal is to parse an object, now you'll see recursively, so that the program itself does the mapping. Okay? Let's go for it. Now you'll see. So campus appen. Key, so I'm going to create table and I'm going to do the following. I see here, we're going to separate this. I see here, I see here, I see here, I see here. Okay, what things do I know? Well, I know primary key, okay? Okay. Come on, I know that I'm always going to have the identifier, so I say string is equal to this and then at the end I'll put string. By the way, in the execute I'm going to say drop table clients, okay? To then create it. Drop table clients. Okay, now next. Now next I say here triki triqui tricky, okay? And I say for field in fields string plus equals triki triki triki and triki triki triki and then string string plus equals triqui Triiki triqui. Okay, if this is true before executing anything, if you want before executing anything we'll see it on the screen. print string and pay attention if I now execute and this we're in 6 create table offset identifier first name last name wait what's happening here sorry sorry sorry eh string okay it's triki triki triki more triki triki triki and I'm missing one more field okay. Create first name, last name. Last name again. Ah, wait, sorry. Here. Okay, now yes. First name, last name and for the moment it 's skipping the phone numbers, okay? Or the emails, whatever. Now we'll see. But if I now, but if I now say, no, wait, it's because I have another field which is DNI, okay? DNI, of course, let there be some uniformity because otherwise it will be chaos, okay? DNI, well now I execute again and in the SQL query, I don't know if you see it, but DNI appears, which means that now I do run the query to the database of data. 007. I launch the query to the database. Okay. And I execute a Oh, I can. I execute a drop, I execute a chain. I execute 007, I go to My SQL, I recharge eh of phase, I recharge clients and clients now have DNI, that is, you realize that the update is automatic. Okay, but but now I insist, I'm only creating the structure. No, no, no, no, no, no. I can only enter barchar. I mean, I've created barchar, I've created barchar, no, no, of the same type, no, no, no, because here remember that I'm saying, if it's a varchar type string, but what if it's an integer type field, well I'm going to enter it as integer type. I mean, let's see it. Okay, key type fields. So now over here, okay? I'm going to say, I'm going to say em up here, look, I'm going to put age. Correct, correct, correct. Let's see it. Let's prove it. Age equals 47 comma, okay? An integer and age have to be in the same structure, okay? It's equal to 45, an integer, okay? And so now here I'm going to do it a little bit extravagantly. If eh field type is str in that case, trucunchu elif field type is int. In that case I'm going to do trucu trunchu, but but let's see. Come on, let's go there, Luis. Let's go there. Just a moment, just a moment. I see this exercise, look, ah, I see what you're saying backwards, but I think it's related to what you're saying. I mean, eh, this exercise is designed so that someone enters a piece of data of whatever complexity and that someone knows that when they hit send that it's going to enter the database without that someone having to worry about whether the complexity of that data matches or not with MySQL, because it will already adapt to MySQL, okay? Not so much designed for an end user, but so that a programmer has a object and can give the object the complexity that it wants and know that then calm because that will enter the database. It will enter, by the way, and it will also return. Now we will talk about that, okay? So, now here I say int 255, for example. Okay, so if this is true, if this is true, then now I execute, well, I think I 'm in the same 007, okay? Okay. I'm going to the database. A moment ago the Ah, no, age didn't exist. Okay, I'm going to lag, I'm going here, I'm not going to structure because I'm not seeing. Ah, here clients, sorry. Here I'm going to structure and wait, wait, wait, because it didn't get me. It didn't get me. Okay. Age. Field type, field type, field type. No, no, no, no. Sure, sure, sure. No, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sure, sure, clear. No, I would have to put in a dictionary. I would have to put in a Dictionary. I mean, yes, it can be done, right? I'm not doing it correctly because, of course, field takes the field name, and the field name is a string. Instead of passing a list, I would have to pass a dictionary where the dictionary would include the field name and the data type. Okay, but okay. Okay, then wait a second because this, I mean, this specific point isn't well-posed, okay? But I used to pass a dictionary, okay? And now, and now what I want to worry about right now, apart from the fact that you've seen that I'm expanding the data model and it automatically appears in SQL, but now for me the scary thing is what's going to happen in emails. Okay? So, in emails, I'm going to remove this for a moment. Let's see. Uh, address. Address. I'm going to remove this for a moment, I insist, to start little by little, because otherwise the blow is going to be maximum. Okay, same here. Okay, so now for this part of the exercise, I'm going to rely on chat. GPT. This is a 008 table referenced with a foreign key, okay? And let's see, uh, modify so that uh this is an array. Okay. Okay. So that array properties are created as a foreign key external. table in my SQL, okay? And that's it. So, now basically what the logic is going to do is say, well, if it 's a string, we're going to enter it as create table, but if it's a list, in that case it's no longer a campus. Appen, in that case, create a table, create another table and link the tables. Okay, let's see it. And then finally, in quotes, in the exercise, we're doing the outward journey, okay? Which is saving. Then we have to do the return journey, which is collecting. Okay? So, okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, and but. Please make it work. Not only for this case emails but for any abstract case. Okay, I mean, I'm looking at the code and it 's preparing the logic for the emails, okay? Normalize emails. I don't have an email problem, okay? What Uh, wait. No, but hey, wait, wait. No, I do n't have an address. Ah, no, no, no, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, no, no. Damn, stop it then. Ah, uh, no, no, sorry, uh, I have simplified a bit of code. New code. New code is this. Let's see. I say this because the code I had, the dictionary I had, is like two or three steps further. Okay, I prefer to do it little by little, okay? First an object within an object and then we pass it an array within an array within an array and then what I'll tell it is make it recursive. Okay? I mean, make it recursive in the sense that we don't know how deep the array or the object is going to be, but we don't care because since you're going to make it recursive, it simply parses the object one by one. Okay. Good. Regular expression. No, this isn't what I wanted, but okay. Okay. Damn, addresses. Ah, [ __ ], addresses. Okay, okay. Okay. What's going on? Well, with this logic, let's see, this is a referenced table, okay? With this logic, what it's doing is, on the one hand, creating tables, okay? Drop tables first and then creating tables. Wait, where are they? Here. And it creates the constraints, okay? And it automatically creates the necessary constructs so that everything stays linked together. So, now confirmation, Python 3.008, okay? And then, notice I have root, daughter, and granddaughter. And now I go to MySQL, I go to offset, and I have clients, email clients, and email clients, addresses. Okay, I have the client, although I've duplicated it, but oh well. I have José Vicente Caratelá Sanchez. I have José Vicente Carratela. Oh, okay, sorry, it creates the structure for me, but not the Okay, not the data, it's no problem. Okay. Okay. Okay, perfect. Hm. Okay. Perfect. Awesome. And now please also insert data. Okay, now this is the structure, and now we'll also insert the data. Okay? The concept, ultimately, isn't just that it exists. ORM, but the objective in this second unit that we started today with object-relational debase is to create our own connectors. That is, the pure management of connectors at the user level, we already covered that in the first one. That is, you have a connector, you connect, you pass parameters, you have connected, you receive data, and enjoy life. The objective in data access is for us to create those connectors, okay? And ultimately, to create customized solutions to any problem that may exist. I say this because in the coming days, as you can see here, database access protocols, establishing connections, this isn't about connecting to MySQL, we've known that since the first month of the first year. That's about creating a database connector ourselves or creating a database ourselves, okay? Creating a customized data access solution ourselves. Okay? So I come over here, I run 009, okay? And the last batch may not reflect the total, it's okay. Okay, I come over here, I go to offset, I go to clients. Just a moment to update, I go to clients and I have two clients that are the same. Okay, now, now one of them I go to clients emails and I have personal and company, which in this case there are none, and I have clients, emails, addresses and I have the addresses. Okay, but now, but now next I'll tell you, and this is the final step of the first part of this exercise. Please make it recursive to work with any possible uh to any with any possible data structure J son dict uh list okay so without going crazy obviously and please load data from external JSON. And while it's doing this, what I 'm going to do is I'm going to create a new file called datos.json. Inside datos.json so as not to mix up the code within Python, okay? What I 'm going to do is create a JSON. I'm going to go to I'm going to go to the chat and I'm going to say, uh, create a JSON with an array of clients with an indeterminate number of data depths, but it has to be consistent between the elements of the Ray because otherwise there's no business. Okay? So, in other words, the chat is going to generate a JSON that I don't control, okay? Because the objective is to demonstrate if this structure can be used with any JSON, okay? Well, mobile-type phone numbers, address, okay? And address is a different story. History, purchases, okay? And okay. And now another client. Email, phone numbers, address, history, purchases. Okay, fantastic, I love it. So I copy, data Jon, paste it, and I have a JSON with a structure that I didn't create, but I start reading it and say, "Okay, clients, okay, it's a Ray, okay?" Okay, so ID, name, information, contact, email, phone numbers, type, but history, purchases, purchase, products. Sure, I see the JSON and as a person and as a programmer I say, "Okay, okay, it's all there, it seems clear, it's well structured, it's cool, it makes sense, but eh, but this is going to be a huge blow, okay? I mean, I have to put it into SQL myself, I'm going to spend three days racking my brains. Wait a minute, because originally my logic had a Ray to start with. Okay, but oh well, it's not a problem. Now we'll see. Hey, let's see. It might not work at first. It might not work at first. Okay. And eh, we put this in here. 010 recursive. Okay. And I'm going to say I'm going to say I'm going to say before it blows up because it's going to blow up. Okay. Hey, sorry. It should work with this kind of logic. Hey, root elements being eh parent top level parent tables. Oh, [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ], [ __ ]. No, eh, with here, here. That makes me really mad when I hit enter and I think GP is going to say, "I don't understand what you know. Let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. And and copy and recursive. Okay, this is recursive. Okay, let's go. And it's JSON data. Let's see it. Python 3 eh 0 10. Okay. Okay. Let's see. Can of drop table clients. Okay. Mr. Vale. Hey, I'll ask. Could it be done? a full drop of all existing tables without eh FK or restriction or constraints checking, okay? something really big, I mean, something like, "Get rid of everything", and then, obviously if we put this software into production, it would be a bit of a wait before getting rid of things, think about it, I mean, but okay, just a moment. Come on, as I said, make sure we make the outward journey, and once we make the outward journey, from there making the return journey will be easy. That is, the way back will be to take the My SQL database, recover it and convert it to a mega object in Python or whatever language, obviously. Okay, so let's see. Okay. Yes, please. Hey, full code on script start. Please drop everything. existing on database and create new structure. Okay, I'm telling you that what I'm doing is very brutal, that is, what I'm doing are two operations. First, create the structure and second, enter the data. Okay, in a more advanced version, which is not today yet, because oh, how angry it makes me that Oh. Look, I don't want to put CLI parameters on it, what I want is, okay, well, in a more advanced way of, look, the structure matches my JSON, don't destroy it, okay? Use it. Now, it doesn't match my JSON or the database is empty, please create it. It doesn't match my JSON, please ask me. Okay, let's see this over here, this over here. But today is above all a demonstration. Okay. Okay. You see? The following. It makes me so angry. Please, without CLI, everything in the code. Okay, because lately I don't know why, even if I don't ask it, it always makes programs with Commandline CLI parameters and it's like, wow, right? I mean, but well, I mean, I understand that from a programming point of view it 's better and that it's making me a script that I could then execute and customize. and I could reuse it for the Command Line Interface, I mean, I understand that it does it well and that it has its advantages, but damn it's like that, but I don't want it. Let's see. Okay. Let's see, let's do a full au information of Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. It's to long. Come on. Okay, I don't know, I don't know how to solve this error because of course, if it tells me that the problem is that the name of the column or table identifier in My SQL is too long, well, maybe it starts making prefixes, I don't know. Okay, 64 characters, okay? Automatically shorten with a hash. [ __ ], wait. Well, let's see if it works, we'll think about how to change the solution later. Well, if you do a hash, the problem is that it's going to work, but it's going to be pretty impossible for me to figure out what each thing is in the database. And obviously if in the end we have something similar to Pckel where I can look but I ca n't understand anything, then we'll be left the same. But anyway, let's see if what I want is to see if this first part already works and I can show it to you in operation to tell you, look, the JSON Patap has been inserted directly with all the tables that were necessary within the database. And obviously, beyond using an existing ORM connector, what we're doing, as you can see, is creating our own ORM connector. Let's see. Okay, let's see. Okay, let's see if we've had any luck. Okay, we're going here, we're going to local host, we're going to offset, okay? For now, I see things I like, and then I see clients. I see Vicente Cáratalá and Ana López. I see purchase history. I see client purchase history, products. I see client contact information. That is, you are seeing how the system, starting from a JSON of unknown hierarchical complexity, recursively parses the logic and converts it into a relational model where at a given moment, unlike a pickle, I can enter here and I can see things and I can manipulate things. Okay, and I can do searches and I can benefit, obviously, from the benefits of the relational model. Very good. But now next, now next I want the opposite, okay? Now, now I would like. That's the point, right? Agustín and it's you, imagine that it changes, I mean, right now just as it's programmed, okay? Keeping in mind that it does a massive database crash, right now every time I run it, it's going to load the database and put in whatever data is there, okay? So right now the answer is yes, but because I've forced the drop like crazy. The question I would ask you back, the question I would bounce back to you is, what should happen? That is, if I already have the database created and I receive a JSON that has a slightly different structure, what should happen? It depends, okay? Depending on the company we are in, one thing or another can happen. So, the company might say, hey, it's not that if they give you a new one, it's that you should get rid of the old one, this new one is the one that counts. Or maybe the company says, "No, if you pass a new one, parse it, make an alter table to adapt to the new structure and then enter the data." But that's the point, that's what this exercise is about. The thing is, if you use a pre-built URM controller, whatever the controller does is up to you. But if you make a controller, you control what the controller does and you can adapt to what the client needs to do. And that's what this subject is about, okay? As for you, tell me what you need to save, don't worry, I'll save it for you, okay? That's a bit of what it's about. And well and well and well now I would like. And now you'll see how this ends. Another different script. to make the opposite to pars to par no to enter database get all the information and recover it as Python dictionary oo yes it goes it goes it goes Python dictionary And to receive it one aspectary two and save to jon that is to say the inverse way because you say okay we have it is like unmounting the the read the j entered in the database but for that we have had to unmount it with which we see it in SQL but now it is like, "Okay, and where is my Jason S now?" Well, it's scattered around in SQL. Okay, so now I want the opposite. Now I want another script that goes into the database, starts building relationships, and returns a JSON to me. And theoretically the final JSON should be the same as the initial JSON. And if you don't see it, then we have a problem, okay? And then, without CLI, okay? And then, as you can imagine, this exercise will end with making a connector. That is, now create a class. The class will have two methods. Method one will be writing, method two will be reading, with which we will have created a constructor preview, sorry, a connector preview that we can use in any program, right? Very prototyped today, obviously, but you get the idea, right? Because apart from this local hostase, it would have to be a configuration file or a JS or a dot M, I don't know, okay? Or tell me your database details and I'll adapt your database, I don't know. That is, today it is forced to lag. Okay, so, then, okay, I copy code. Okay, now this is going to be 011 lectorpython. Okay. Okay. And D recovered. Perfect. I like it. Okay, so I now next say Python 3 011 reader. Okay. And this is the JSON data and this is the retrieved dam. And I don't know about you, but except for some character, ah, no, inch, okay, it's that he put an escape character, okay? except for some character that I see around that is an escape character. I don't know about you, but I think it's [ __ ] great, because with this I know that if I have an object and that object has a high complexity, but at the same time I want to take advantage of the benefits of SQL, I know that I'm going to be able to use it, I know that I'm going to be able to do it, okay? And I know that my program can work with any set of objects I want, and then I 'll be able to persist it in SQL, so that it stays saved in SQL, so that it stays stored. If I want to do SQL searches, I'll be able to do them, and if at some point I need to retrieve it as an object, I'll be able to retrieve it, okay? And nothing happens. Well, that's okay, okay? Yes, it does happen because in the end, whether you like it or not, I'm never going to say at any point that SQL is dying, but in the end, with the years that you know about it, we won't do it anymore. We're doing this today because SQL databases are still very important and will continue to be so for at least the next 10 years. In a few years, what we will do is directly use [ __ ] Deb or similar. That is, why do I want to save it in SQL? I save it in a non-SQL and that's it, and I avoid the hassle of doing ORM. Okay, but okay, but it's not the day yet, okay? So uh now next, now next. Okay, I like it so much. Now let's create a class that implements both ways as methods. create the class and after that create demo code to read and write that is use both methods and now is when I start to package it okay now is when I say, "Okay, one script works, another one works, well now I would like to have it in a connector. Now I would like to design a connector with it, okay? Ch GPT who has already seen my idea, says, "Awesome, okay? Because he says, okay, you see what you want. What you want is to program a connector and now you'll see that we're going to use the connector transparently through an import, okay? So a single class that implements both paths and then, okay? From here JS My SQL Bridge, okay? just a moment. And now, Luis, this is where we're going to get to what you were saying. Okay, now I'm going to show you how the end user would use it. The thing is, the end user isn't, I'm not seeing the same thing as you, that is, it's not the non-expert end user, but I 'm seeing this to give it to a programmer and say, take it. Hey, take a JSON, put it into MySQL, and the programmer says, "Wow, how do you do that?" And you tell him, "Calm down, the class will do it, okay? Do n't worry, don't worry, Jason will go and come back. Then, and then obviously, if he wants to know more, he can come into the class to find out." Clear. Okay. So, I do this. You're seeing how the class, of course, that you tell him is 50 € obviously, right? Or that or that you say to him, "What if you liked it, will you hire me? You know? I mean, or something like that or that I wish it, although this is difficult to offer as a service because since it is a software, let's say, Python, another thing is that instead of doing it with Python, we do it with a language that we can compile like C++ and you give him the executable and then you say, "It's €50", you know? and what if he says, "No, but I want the source code." And you say, "If you want the source code, hire me and I'll bring the source code into the company." But you know, but anyway, that's how each one of you obviously manages the issue. Let's see. Wait, we're still on it. Okay, now for the demo. Very good, perfect. Ah, look, he's taken my connection data out, which was to be expected. Very good. Okay. Okay. Good. I don't care a little more about this. This is a print, but oh well. Okay. Okay. Fantastic. Copy code. Okay, so 012 class demo. Python okay the file is big, okay? and I run it. Okay, first write and then read. It's data J are and where and Adom retrieved. Okay, fantastic. Well, uh Python 3 and 012 and demo. Okay, fantastic. Clients, two elements, everything works the same. Okay, fantastic. But of course, now this exercise ends. The last step of this exercise is when I call this JV ORM, okay? Which is going to be no, it's going to be no, because obviously I should have called the class like that, but I don't care. JVORM and in JVORM, JVORM what I do is I do like this, okay? And now in class demo I save it as 013 use of the class. I load all this and this exercise ends up doing the following. Python, I mean Python chat GPT is very clean and it's very cool and it makes the main method for Python and all that. It's highly recommended, Obviously, but I don't want to. I want to make it as simple as possible. So I say from JVORM import jQuery bridge bridge equals local host offset offset whatever you want and now write these are comment lines that are obviously cool. Okay, and that's it. And this, Luis, is what I was telling you before. For me, my perspective of this exercise, this is what the user who uses this library is going to see. That's why I tell you that I see it more as a programmer than an end user. And now I execute. And the fact of having encapsulated everything, well, it serves us for 013 and that's it, okay? And there we have it. It's obviously caused a cache hit, having extracted this to an external file, but hey, no problem, it precompiles it and that's it. Okay, this is the objective of today's class, to show you that this concept exists and that we can intervene in this concept to customize how this ORM is made. In future classes of this subject, what we will do, Take my words with a grain of salt, okay? It's about programming a MySQL, making it clear that obviously within the scope of the class we won't have time, okay?, to program a complete MySQL, but at least if the database subject is about using databases, that is, using database connectors, how does that work internally? Ah, mystery, you use it and that's it. Okay, this data access subject, this second point of managing connectors is creating a connector. You can create a connector, okay? You can even create your own database system, being realistic. I mean, we'll do something that will give you a sample that you can do it and then, obviously, doing something the size of MySQL, well, that means spending hours and hours and hours and millions of hours and having more people and all that. Okay? Okay, very well. So let's continue. M.