Well, let's move on to business management systems. As always, let's take a look to see where we are. We go to Damdown, we go to second, we go to business management systems and okay, we have identification. Uh, similar to what we were discussing a while ago in intermodular projects, well of course, what are they in the case of developing a business management system? What are the licenses under which you can license it? Well, for example, okay, so you can see that in the end everything is related. Let's see what the chat brings up. Okay, perfect. Good. Hey, let's see. We were talking about the installation issue, okay? We were talking about, okay, verification and of course, documentation of the operations carried out, okay? This is where we're going to start using the tool we started creating yesterday, okay? the tool we created in management systems, sorry, in data access, where once again this is where the subjects begin to connect. Hey, let's see what the latest version of the app we had so far is. We had the views, we had the canvas, this is where we left off in the previous class. Okay, perfect. And we had this part here, right? So I'm going to go back to what we did yesterday. I'm going to go to data access. I'm going to move on to connector management, not file management, working with files, exercises. We are going to return instead of print. And I, for example, what I'm going to do next is tell it that instead of wanting the entire structure of D, we're going to extract the folder. Come on, go on. Well, what I want is DAM second EU programming business management systems installation modules, exercises, Canban. Okay, I want this as default for now. I click here. What I'm going to do in this case is that I'm going to transfer it to documentation. Therefore, Cambana application. Where are you? No. Modules, Canvan exercises, okay? I'm going to move it to documentation. Here, here I'm going to do 01 exercises. Yes. Let's see. Okay. Hey, Fran, Fran, see what you're telling me? Okay, I can imagine, I can imagine what the problems are, but you tell me and we'll take a look at them and fix them. So, uh, I'm going to put some documentation here, so I come this way, I come this way, I come this way. Okay. And inside documentation I'm going to create a folder called documentation. I'm chatting, okay? I'm telling you and when you can, tell me either in writing or by micro. I can imagine what you're going to tell me. I'm going to ask you next, uh, to tell me your subject, uh, I'll ask for your ID to enter the submission panel, okay? And I'm telling you. And you tell me and we'll take a look at it. Okay? So, in documentation, now I'm going to file management, I'm going to second, I'm going to business management systems, I'm going to identification, I'm going to documentation, and in documentation I'm going to create a file called a documenter. Let's see, I have the speaker on. Yes, correct. Okay, so Fran, tell me, I guess you'll be writing. Okay, so what I'm going to do now is say that I want to recover the contents of the W folder, that is, from the folder back. Oh, and we're going to see it. Let's see what this gives me. So if I run this in documentation, in documenter, I'm going to run Python 3 documenter and there we have it. Okay, and as we can see, I have an extract, I have an extract of everything that I have up to this point. I don't know what this data is right now, which I also tell you, ah, that data was the JSON that had the information. Okay, perfect. This tri.xml, XML. Well, I do n't want it to be called tri, but I want it to be called documentation.Mmd. Okay? So this is going to be, let's see, this is second data access. Business management systems. Let's go to documentation. Let's go here. Let's go to the documentation and really really this exercise, let's see it, okay? This is tree tree. Python and this is documentation. Python. So, in Python documentation, what I'm going to do is I'm going to remove this, I'm going to take this and I'm going to say from, let's see, from tree. Let's see draw. I'm going to say from tree import. draw. Okay, we use the route, it's this three lines is this. And now what it does is that on one hand it prints it and on the other hand it takes it to file. Okay, so this over here, this over here. And now I'm going to call this file, for example, since we named this previous software, login, log in index. We haven't given it a name, which I find quite strange, so perhaps it's time to give it a name. You already know that the fact is that I remember choosing a color. I'm going to common, I'm going to style. The color we chose was steel blue, but of course, I already have steel blue, I think, for a program, so I don't know, I 'd have to give it a name, but okay. In documentation I'll call it.Md execute. Let's see, let's see. All right, Fran, see you. Oops. Ah, okay. Okay, Fran, let's see it. I'll read you first. Okay, okay. Yes, correct. Fran, give me your ID so I can enter. Let's see. Okay, Fran, don't worry. I'll fix that zero, because remember that I always tell you that behind the AI ​​there is a human being, so let's see. I eval.jocarsa.com. Okay. Okay. So, programming services and processes, but when you get in there are no lessons. Okay, perfect. There are no lessons. Let's see a second one. Uh, here I go to HTML, I go to Eval, I go to DB, I go to repositories, I go to uh, gee. Ah, here's the problem. Okay, it's not there, that's why there are no lessons. Okay, okay. Now I'll tweak this later and then the lessons will appear to you. Okay, in the meantime, next question. Uh, I go into localhost, I go into Eval, okay? I'm going to eh interfaces, interface development. Okay. I'll take your ID, okay? Okay. And it looks like this one and I see a zero here. Okay, let's see as a student. Okay. Introduction and contextualization. Uh, in this project I created, I used llama, okay? This is about tools for automatic care, right? Develop the frontend, okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Very good. Okay. Because? Take. Obviously this is not correct. Okay. Well, to start with, there's some kind of problem here because the evaluation didn't occur on two of the engines, and on the third engine, the evaluation occurred, but it gave an error. Something something is obviously wrong, okay? So I'm going to do the following. What I'm going to do here is delete your review. Just a moment. I hope without ruining the entire exercise. Let's see it. I delete the evaluation. Okay, here I do it like this and okay. And I have your answer saved, but I haven't evaluated it, that is, I have ruined the evaluation. Okay, okay. No, yes, apart from that, Fran, just so you know, just so you know I have a Chrome. Now I'm going to show it to you. I have a Chrome that's taking up my life called backup, where in backup every hour that passes, every hour I save a backup copy of all your exercises, okay? So, just in case, if you have it saved, it's better, but I have a backup copy both locally and on the remote server, okay? So, okay. So, Fran, regarding that question, obviously, obviously, based on what I 'm seeing here, that zero is an error. We had seen that even directly other engines did not even appear. I send it for reevaluation and that's it. Okay, let's see more things. In interface development, interface generation, error in statement. Yeah, okay, let's see. For sure yes. So in natural interface generation, voice and speech, right? Voice and speech. Okay, let's see. So the statement is this, uh, see as a student. Okay. Ah, yes, it has uf Yes, yes, yes, yes. He 's fried. Okay, so look, here what I'm going to do, Fran, is that I have an action here, this one, which is send to trash, okay? So I send it to the trash, the activity disappears, which means I'm forcing the artificial intelligence to do something else, and that happens from time to time, right? So, this is what I told you, and I want you to always keep it very clear and in mind: behind artificial intelligence there is a human being. When you detect something that doesn't fit, tell me and that's it. And humans always have the last word over artificial intelligence. So that's it, nothing, now then on the one hand I regenerate activity, on the other hand I reevaluate and that's it. In fact, I was thinking about adding a fourth artificial intelligence, which is GPT OSS, the one from this summer, the one they released this summer, so, well, this weekend I 'd be testing it and seeing how it goes. And then I also want to tell you that some students, a group of students that I have in the morning are giving me a lot of feedback. So, a student told me, "Hey, it seems like artificial intelligence doesn't follow the rubric very much, it seems like it doesn't take it very seriously." And I said, "Okay, okay, no problem." So, last night, late in the day, around 11:30 or 12, I was modifying the software and I told the software, hey, use the full rubric and make sure that the students are assessed according to the rubric. Okay? So the software said, "Yeah, great, no problem, I'll give you all a five." And of course, I panicked because the software started giving all the students fives, but fives as if to say, "Oh, since new students haven't followed the rubric faithfully, I'm taking points off." And I was like, "No, no, no, no, no, that's the thing." I mean, the point isn't to take away points if they don't follow it perfectly, but to give points to those who do follow it and all that. So, last night I stopped the engine, I returned it to how it was for this weekend to finish tuning it and wait, I want to drink and nothing and start the evaluation again. What I'm trying to tell you with that is that I estimate that in a few weeks, this has a bit to do with the intermodular project, because what I 'm doing is launching the software and this week things like this will surely happen and it's foreseeable that in a few weeks everything will be more fine-tuned, right? Okay, so here we go. Let's continue well. Well, I'll close here, okay? And about processes and services, I know, I know. He told me this morning, I think it was Agustín, okay? So, eh, well now I'll see why they don't come out. Eh, because the fact is that they have to leave. The thing is, they have to leave, but of course, just for a moment, since we're here, since we're here, eh, okay. Okay, development, development, they don't come out. So I'm going to use it, I'm going to scan the exercises. and in scan exercises, processes, services and processes. Okay, no, this is something else. Processes. This is yours, okay? HTML Bar D 2526 second programming of services and processes. And this goes to repositories, okay? But but I still need to run the Python 3 1 scan script exercises. Okay. And now we see how to look at it, services and processes. Now it is there and now it is there. Okay, so well, right now it's local. I have n't synced it with the server yet, and now in a little while I'll sync it, and well, in a little while, tonight because we're in class now, okay? And you'll have access to processes and services, okay? Okay. Come on, so we were here doing this, RPMD, so now what I want is let's try it. This was this was in Neval here. Okay, ls. Okay. Python 3 documentation. Okay. A documentation file will have been generated. a file called ERPMD will have been generated and the ERPMD file has this, right? What we see, obviously, is the file tree that the system has, which means that right from the start I'm going to save a lot of code, a lot of manual work. And if we now expand the software from this point on, we will see that we will execute documentation and the system will automatically document itself. Okay? Let's build a better markdown. Okay, so now what I want is for each of the items, for each of the files, I want to see the code for that file. So, let's see. I have the tree here. Okay, so one thing you could do is create uh headers. For example, this would be header type H1, header type H2 and file type H3. It would be an option, okay? This would be an option. Let's go there. Well, let's do that. So what I'm going to do next is if I have a tree I'm going to come over here and Oh, not over here. Where are you? Here. Okay. And I say, create another script to. Let's see. Eh, you instead of showing a three show eh no create markdown markdown headings level of heading in function to level of depth of folder. file, okay? So now next this is out, I already have this. And here in documentation I'm going to create a new file called eh headlines, headers, headers.python headers.python Python what it's going to do is, that is, I will then, obviously, first in a markdown document I will put the index and then I will put whatever else, okay? I'll put the markdowns. Now you'll see. Okay. And okay. This is example use, okay? So, I go here, I go to headers, I remove the main, I remove the main and what I'm going to do is uh md lines print md lines okay, so root is equal to this. Root, this is header. Okay, so I'll keep this, I go to documentation and then I say f.Right. Let's let's do the following. With openp. Now in apen f mode. And then I say M of lines is this here. I think I have too many sangrias here. M of lines is this. The address is the path, the root. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. F right. This is okay. I really want this. Well, let's see. Python. Okay. Draw marked. Sure, sure. Sorry. From from headers import draw markdown. We imported the bookstore. Okay. And eh cannot import name from headers. Okay. Why not? Because? Ah, because I have n't saved it. Fantastic. And this was it. Okay. Save a return. It's right. I execute. Okay. And if everything went well, now I go to RPMD and I have the index first. And if all goes well, oh, wow. I only have the index. Let's see. Well, another thing I can do, another thing I can do is, hey, I've closed it, right? Don't be such a beast. And therefore with the same one with the same one here, with the same one open, do two F rights, okay? Uh, maxp root H1. Okay, fine. Very good. This is cool. So I run. I'm going to RPMD. No, no, he's not doing anything. Okay, let's get this out of the way. Op, op, op. Where are you? Here. Okay, very good. Documentation. I'm in the right place. I'm running. Yes. Documentation. If I have it Let's see. Ah, print out. Okay. Okay. Three lines is this. Okay. I run RP. Wow, interesting. Fright three lines. Ah, no, M for lines. Gee, this is the thing. Okay, I was calling MD lines. Okay, now yes. Very good. Documentation. I'm going back to RP. Now yes. This is true. Good. And if I have this. Well, actually, uh, I have previous, I have header, I have CRM, I have desktop, okay? I even have a calendar and cards and forms and graphs and Canvas, okay, a database. Pikach. We will remove this later. Okay, great. This, obviously now I can release it in eh DAM. Second, business management systems. Identification, documentation exercises documentation documentation. I'm going to RP. Wow. Ah yes, emojis. Okay, yes. And it's just that I'm not using UTF8. Okay, but now in a moment I'll put it in and that's fine. What else do I need? I like this for now, but what I'd like next is that apart from this, it has, okay?, its own link and all that, no problem. Okay, what I would like is that now, I also want to have the code in markdown format for each of the files. Let's see it. Let's see it. Let's see. So, I'm coming this way. and I say, "Okay, perfect. I like it so much. Now, please give me uh let's say next to each file name, file content. style content within markdown code uh ticks tac tac tac to open and tac tac tac to close accept only a list of extensions of given extensions current code is and we go to headers, which are no longer going to be just headers, but oh well. And what we're going to do is in the documentation first show, well, now we'll also put the title and all that, obviously, okay? But show the title of the project, then the tree, then the markdown headers and within each header the code. Let's go for it, people. Let's see it. Wow. Okay, good. Fantastic. I didn't want so many, but okay, I like it. And of course, and now what we're going to do next is start connecting with Oyama to get rid of the heaviest part of the documentation, which is basically, uh, having to make a description of what each of the project files. So the idea of ​​today's class, we have a bit of class ahead of us, is to have a system for generating documentation automatically first using Python, combining it with what we saw yesterday about data access and then also combining that documentation system with an artificial intelligence system to avoid creating doc strings and all that. Okay? So let's go here, go to headers. Hello, headers. Okay, let's see. On the other hand, in documentation I can already uncomment this. So, I execute it, we go to ERP and we have, let's see, uh, there was a problem. Retry. Why? Why? What's happening? Let's see. RP is 130 K. Ah, well I don't know why. Ah, yes. Uh, let's see. Ah, character encoding. Edit anyway. Okay, yes. Okay. Okay, there we have it. First we have the list, then we have this and then we have the code marked with ticks. Okay, let's take a closer look. Let's take a closer look. And uh, let's see for a moment. Let's see for a moment. Here. Let's see it here. Au. Au. Okay, now we see this. Good. Yes. The condition is met. Some part escapes me. Well, CSS style. There it seems to escape. Okay. Style. Okay. Okay, this is good, but there's a lot that does n't. Okay. Okay. Let's look for this in the document. Let's see, LED behavior status. And if I do this, right? Okay. And if I want to see the original, right? Okay, very good. Uh, it seems that markd is not fully legal. Maybe a problem of encoding. Please review ticks. Let's see it. Now, next, as you can imagine, what I want is to pass a layer of oyama to feed it each of the files, and tell it, "Give me a comment on each of the files." That is, give an explanation, document each of the files before the code, even if it takes two or three hours until night or whenever to document, but the idea is that it is the software itself, whether Artificial intelligence itself will do it, right? Now, that heavy documentation work, we document today, but tomorrow we continue developing, so the documentation changes, so all that heavy lifting will be done by artificial intelligence. Okay, let's see. Okay. Let's see if there's any company email in the meantime. By the way, by the way, look, Gonzalo, man, Gonzalo, okay. Ah, well, look, this guy is also a former student, so yes, of course. I'll pass it on to him later. Okay, I have a challenge. I have a challenge. I have the email here. I have the email, okay? of this person. Wait, of this person. So this person, who is Alva Moret, is a person who, for two or three years now, I have n't seen that for years I've had a close relationship with this person and a very good relationship, and since I'm no longer involved in, let's say, the business area he's involved in, well, we no longer have a relationship. Okay? Okay, let's see, the statement is this. Without any kind of commitment, I wanted to ask you if N8N falls within your knowledge of your guys, okay? Your knowledge goes infinitely beyond N8N. Uh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, but, look, he's an architect, okay? He doesn't know programming, but I already know that for you guys, N8N is a joke. Three years ago, I sent him a former SMR student named Vicente, who doesn't work very well. Uh, is there anyone this year who specifically has knowledge of N8N? Okay, I want to send him someone. That someone will work in automation and probably in artificial intelligence, but this Salva Moret, uh, has a training center and does architectural projects and works with BIM, okay? He works with Building Information Model, it's this one here, okay? He'll put his training center over here in a moment. Let's see, wait a minute. This, okay? And uh, what the hell, here, okay? He has this training center and he's a really cool guy, okay? He's a very He's a tough guy, he's a guy who can open a lot of doors. For me, over the years, when I worked with him, he opened a lot of doors for me by working with him, but I want to because what he says is true, okay? That the student I sent him didn't work out at all and I have a thorn in my side. I want the person I send him this year to be the best, okay? Because I want to make a good impression with this person, because 3 years ago I made a bad impression, because I sent him a student who didn't work out at all, okay? And I'm telling you, and it wasn't this guy's fault, it was the student's fault. I know, there are other times when it's Vale's fault, so eh Fran, I mean, no, for what he needs you're more than up to the task, okay? So what I'm going to do and from here on, well, I'll tell you and I'll tell you all. Okay. Uh, it's that really, let's see, eh, Salva Moret talks about N8N because, I insist, because that 's what he knows, okay? Because it's architect and doesn't work with other tools, doesn't work with programming languages. I want to think, I insist, I'll say it again, I haven't spoken to him in three years, eh, but he's a guy who, I mean, he's very focused, okay? and he's very professional, and when he talks about N8N, what he's talking about is eh automation, it's what you want to automate, okay? So, the idea is, I'll send you to this company for an interview with whoever you want. You go to the interview and tell them, "Hey, José Vicente sent me about this N8N issue and you tell him, I can do much more than N8N." So, the question is, what do you need? I mean, to see if what he needs is for an architect to be able to automate and we're talking about N8N or if what he needs is automation. Okay? And I'm telling you that what this guy works on, which is architecture and BIM, lends itself very well to automation, okay? So, I Well, for now, okay, Fran, I'm going to send you and Josué and the rest of the people you guys say, I'll send whoever you say, okay? But what I will tell you is that, uh, I mean, I want it to be beneficial for both parties in the sense that whoever gets involved with this guy, when you see who he is, what he does, that he has an architecture studio, that he has a training center, what he does in the architecture studio, you see that he's a very powerful guy and I also want to send him a very powerful student, okay? And I want, as I told you, 3 years ago the experience went badly and I felt really bad because he's a guy who for many years I've had a good relationship with him and I want to look good, okay? I want to look good, it 's not that you become his slaves, okay? I want to look good means that I know there's a fruitful relationship for both parties, that on the one hand the student does cool things for this guy and on the other hand what this guy can contribute to you is also very Okay, okay? So, Fran, I'll compose the email because this guy's email isn't a quick email. I want to sit down and write it properly and put it together properly, okay? Because I'm telling you, this person isn't just anyone. So, let's see how it went here. Okay, copy and send to: Where are we? To headers. Okay, okay. Let's try it. RP Documentation. Okay. Okay. Edit anyway. And let's see because I haven't seen much of a difference. Okay. Well, what's this here? Keyboard overlay. What is this? Let's see, okay. We'll see this later. index, php doc type header style. Okay, it's that it tells me this directly here. Of course, it could be a problem with how I'm rendering. It could also be, well, no, right? And remark. No, okay, we'll see later. Okay, then this is where I'm seeing, you see? This seizes as HTML a bunch of code that doesn't render. Ah, can data. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, come on. So, what is this P? Okay, P is not in the list. Python P is not in the list and therefore should not appear. Okay, I'll tell you this, it's rendering the HTML. Let's see. Here, problems one, it is adding content from files not in the list. For example, Python two, uh markd. seems not to be being correctly rendered. Uh, HTML is being rendered as HTML instead of doc, instead of MDCD. Let's see. It might be the renderer I have. One way to find out is to go to GitHub desktop, do a do a let's see 25 26 do a push, see it with the Jithhab renderer and see if that's where the problem is. Okay, so I'm going to Jithhub, I'm going to repositories. Oh, look, 600. I'm going to DAM 2526. I'm going to second to make sure. I'm going to I'm going to enterprise management systems, I'm going to identification, I'm going to documentation, I'm going to documentation, RPMD documentation. Okay. Okay. Ah, well this is even worse. Oh my goodness, what a disaster. Let's look at the code. The code is fine, but it seems to be a rendering issue. Let's see it. [Music] Okay, I think the problem is the relationship between the three elements. So, [Music] And okay, let's take this. Okay, this is the use case. Okay, this is headers. I can take the use case here. Here I can take it here. This is route. And let's go there. Generate, recharge. A little better. I think it's a little better, but not entirely better. Okay. Okay. And I insist, I want to have this fixed so that from there we can move on to the last step of today's class, which that calls for. But before that, uh, probleming for example, okay? from free files in the project. To one. Let's see. This out. This out. This out. Okay. One, two, three. Uh, it should render good markdown. And then I think that here I He'll say that adding the backslash n to the documentation is n't very cool. So let's take a look at it. And as I said, the last step will be when we get the code right, to say, "Okay, but now I need you to go into each file. Let's make a call first in which we will pass the code of each individual file so that it makes a description of what is in that file. But then, obviously, we'll have to make another request that will be much more computationally expensive, in which we'll say, "I'll send you the entire project so you can understand the entire project, and now I'll send you a file so you can not only tell me what that file does, but also tell me what that file does within the entire project." Okay? Let's see. And okay, okay, okay. Uh, no, not this. Okay. In tree, in tree. Okay. Draw 3. Okay. Tree, lines. Okay. More or less. Okay, next. Three lines. Three lines documentation. Use false emojis. This makes me a little less concerned. Use false emojis. The thing is, I still want emojis, but okay. Good. Make sure it is UTF8. Okay. Okay. Okay, let's see. optional tree list at the start of the tree. Hosts. Okay. Okay. Fantastic. Come on. And I import that one. Ah, very good. Wow, it looks like I messed something up. Okay, this is tree. we execute. Ok. V three lines Dr. I swear I had it updated, but it seems I don't. Let's see, DR 3. Okay, okay. But well, not very okay. Okay, at least I'm not uploading anymore, I'm not uploading all the files I don't want to upload anymore. Be careful because, of course, PHP is not on the list. Let's see it. Headers. Let's see what's allowed. and eh default PHP is there, but it's not putting it in. It's putting JavaScript in me, but it's not putting PHP in me. Curious. Ah, I've seen it here before. I've seen it here before. Documentation. Here it is. PHP. We run again. We reload again. Now grab PHP. Okay. Okay. Well, here we go. This is a matter of fine-tuning it later, but what I want next is for it to go into each file. Let's see it. Now. Another file to be called. from headersp to for each file send you or call use quen pass code get eh command from code document entation and add to the markd file before that very block of code. Okay, so now what I want is for each file, as I'm telling you right now, each file to be passed to Oyama and say, "I'll give you this code, give me back a comment, some documentation, okay? So I know what this file does, and I'm going to put it into the documentation. Let's see. Maybe now I'll try it with something simpler than this project, okay? A simpler file or a simpler mini-project. And as you can see, and as I'm saying, the goal is to have documentation, a documentation-generating software such that you can work with complete peace of mind, and then you know you'll be able to click on the software and the software will automatically start generating the documentation, even if it takes a whole fight each time, but let the software do it. Okay? What's it called? Okay, I already have the pull. This isn't necessary. doc.python. Okay, we put this here. Very good. And this, the idea is to modularize as much as possible. Okay. Ah, very good. Code. Okay. So, be careful with this because from time to time it happens that the same GPT chat escapes itself. Code here goes and because it's a Python format string and that's it. Okay, then it passes the prompt and now this is the prompt and now how to integrate it into headers. Okay, please full headers.p Elbow guy. for now what we'll see is that it will take forever, but oh well, no problem. Let's see, I'm going to plug in the battery in the meantime. Okay, this is the main, no problem. Okay, this is the headers, so let's see what happens. Let's see if the documentation explodes. Let's take out this one. Okay, we see how it is there. We see how the CPU starts to pull. You probably don't hear it, but the fans have started moving. The problem is, of course, with this you wo n't see the Markdown document. There it is. Until it is generated. Until it is finished generating. I'm going to ask him to see if it's possible so I do n't have to wait because it can be thrown hours quietly. Okay. Could it be possible to write as many operations as many right operations needed to not have to wait until the end to see the document but instead write eh each block as it is processed. Okay, and so we don't need to see all the documented software. If we see two or three files, then we get the idea that with more time, it will do everything else. More than anything because what I'm telling you, because in the end we are documenting dozens of files and it could easily take, I don't know, 10 hours. Okay, Mark's stream streaming headers. Okay, this is strange to me because I thought he was going to do the streaming in the main file, in the documentation.p file, but it seems not. But anyway, whatever, I don't care as long as he does it. Maybe he has to modify both because in the end, the one who writes is really documentation, that's why it surprised me a little, but let's see. Come on. Let's Of course, that's it, it's exactly what you say. I also tell you, Fran, that between the version 7B and the cloud version, there's a middle ground that I 'm not doing because I'm stupid, so I'm telling you, which is eh Quen 7B on the GPU, because what you just saw shows that right now I 'm not using the GPU and therefore it could go much faster because a Quen 7B fits on a graphics card like the one I have, but yes, I know, I know. What happens is that within that, ah, look, yes, within that using the GPU, eh, sorry, within that using the Cloud version, in this case, given that Quen is an open model, it doesn't entail as much dependency as closed models and you know that I don't like dependency at all, stream headers, but it's still dependency, okay? That's why you're going to see that obviously it wouldn't be very easy to load any provider's API and run with the API, but I just don't want to. I want to do everything. The more local and the more independent the better. Because apart from that, let's see, okay, because apart from that, in job offers, eh, I mean, just with that the guy um, to Salvador Moret, you go and tell him, "No, no, I can set it up locally for you." I mean, a server, a VPS, I don't know if he's familiar with that part, I don't know if he's using it in the cloud or he's using it or knows that there's a community that can be installed on a server, but that's why I 'm telling you, I mean, I want you to have a lot of options at hand locally, because I think that's a very strong differentiation, very strong. Okay, let's see. I'm going to stop this. I'm going to stop this. Okay, the RP will be reloaded. Ah, look, how good. Okay, okay. How strange. Look, Fran, he changed it for me and instead of putting, you know, instead of putting Asci, he put the characters you told me about yesterday. But anyway, I don't care. Right now I don't care at all. So, I come over here, I click on documentation. Okay, look, now he's given me back the emojis. It's really annoying. And now here we go. Let's go. Okay, well, let's see because if everything goes well now, in a moment, if we see one or two, well, that's enough for me, okay? We've already achieved the objective and now, obviously, we would have to wait, okay?, either for everything to be done and then improve it and give it a title and maybe add images and then give everything, that is, to whoever or to the model, first give it the whole block and then give it only the corresponding file, but we know it's going to take a long time. Okay, now we'll do it because since we have plenty of time, now we'll do it and at least we'll have it prepared and then each one of you can give it whatever you want, but eh RPMD, we'll see. And yes, no, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, Fran, it's just as you say, having to leave it for a whole day and I 'm suffering right now, but in quotes it's suffering for the better. I 'm suffering with you with the issue of generating exercises, correcting exercises, that Everything is driven by artificial intelligence, and you can't imagine how many there are. Okay, for the students I teach, and we're in the first month, for the students I teach, and right now, exercises, activities, okay? There are 3,847, so, as you can imagine, that number is going to multiply by 10 between now and the end of the course. That is, 30,000 activities. Imagine what it's like, I mean, generating those 30,000 activities and correcting those 30,000 activities with artificial intelligence. But once again, it's a pain because every night it's time to see where the artificial intelligence comes out, but it's okay, okay? Because it's, let's say, like a practice for what I want to show you later in the intermodular project. Let's see. Hey, come on, reload. We already have one. Let's see it. Come on, what do you think? Okay, index. PHP. This purpose is the main page of an RP system called José Vicente. Key functions, start session, inputs, outputs, side effects, external dependencies, approximate complexity, possible risks, and cataplus. The exercise, okay? And the code for back here. Now header. I do n't know why it hasn't picked up behavior. I've added JavaScript files. I think the problem might be there. Let's see what I can tell you. And no. Ah, yes, yes, yes. JavaScript files. Well, I don't know why. Okay, well, whatever, okay? And CSS, okay? Purpose, you define upper, inputs, outputs, okay? And the CSS. And now it's in index. Let's see it. Let's see it here. I still don't get this. I don't care. I don't care, but I don't care. Let's see, I don't know if it's a UTF thing. No. And it doesn't matter. I can't specify UTF. Index. HPHP, then index php. Okay, now CSS style, well CSS style, which I'll tell you later, escapes the style. We'll have to see why. Okay, but CSS style and uh index php. There I tell you, it 's making a mistake in the in the interpreter Markdown. The thing is, theoretically, it's fine, right? Theoretically, it 's fine, but there's something that's causing it to slip. I don't know why, but, well, let's, okay, let's do the triple somersault. So now I'm going to say, "Okay, I like it, but you're commenting on every file without knowing what the rest of the project does. So now I say to him, I'm going to stop." Okay, this is red. Okay, come on, I'm going to stop and let's see it. And now I say, okay, I like it a lot. But on passing file toama and preparing prompt. Let's make this pass the entire project with folders, subfolders, files, contents, etc. I mean structure and then pass that each particular file and ask not only for documentation of that verif Oyama of understanding the role of the file inside the whole of the project, okay? That is, we pass him not only the file, but we also pass him the entire project so that he calls you. It's as if someone tells him, "Document this file and he tells you, okay, but this file, I mean, who else it goes with, what it does." It's like, "No, no, I'll give you this file and that's it." Well, well, I'll tell you what's in the file, but I can't tell you the role it plays in the project because I don't know. Well, right now it calls is the same. Okay? Therefore, what In this case, tell him that I'll pass you the entire project, I'll pass you the file, tell me about the file, but also tell me from the point of view of what it does in the project. Okay, well, extended. Okay. Okay. Same as before. Same as before. This. Okay. It will have stopped there halfway. Okay. And doc. There I do it like this. Okay, the code is this. Now the quiet code is this. Okay. Uh, code, code, code. Okay, usage. Okay. Please fill this out. Code, of course, tradeofs, obviously the token size is going to go through the roof, okay? I mean, the token size is going to go up, but come on, a lot. So, we can tell him, well, maybe we can cut or maybe we can prune, okay? Performance. Now each file takes the entire project and this is going to slow you down a lot. You should cache the context once, okay? And if it's too big, well, the truth is, it's true that uh, I pass each and every one of the times the entire project, well it would probably be more efficient to cache it and reuse the cache, but well, okay. Okay, that's clear, you're right. Okay. Okay, this is, wait, this is stream headers, okay? I don't remember stream headers like that, but well, whatever. Okay. Okay. Content. It 's funny. And here and here. Okay, so let's go. Let's go. I'm going to documentation and if it doesn't break, let's see it. I'm going here. Hey, I saved this, right? Okay, previous index. Wait a second, I'm going to stop, I'm going to start again because I hadn't saved a file. I'll make sure I have the latest versions of the files and as I'm telling you, let's wait for one or two to be made. And let's see, while it's being generated, as we discussed in the previous class, in the intermodular project, well, of course, what I hope is that in your heads, well, now the concept of what resources are going to begin to germinate It's necessary, eh, for the project you're setting up, not just for a project for business management systems, but for what your intermodular project is going to be. What resources, what needs, what costs? Okay, obviously in the previous class I was, let's see, dramatizing a bit, I was exaggerating a bit, because one thing I've been telling you is how many software licenses you have to sell, but you yourselves should have told me another perspective, another solution for the same problem, okay? What solution would you tell me? Let's see, reload. And no, not at the moment. What solution would you tell me? By the way, how's the RAM? Good, it's there. Okay. What solution would you tell me? This is what I was telling you before, Fran, about 8.7 GB, of which I ca n't see right now the memory that Oyama uses, but well, obviously it has to be somewhere around here or calls. Let's see, reload. Oh, very good. Okay, error calling Olama, okay? Timed out. What does time out mean? Just a moment. It means that generally when we call Oyama we have a limit. Let's see, stream headers. The limit is usually 120. Let's put limit. Uh, stream headers. No headers. Documentation. Uh, doc. Hm. Limit, no. Well, here time out 120. Well, I don't want a limit of, I'll tell you 600 like I'll tell you 6,000. I mean, I don't care how long it takes, but do it. The limit of 120 is fine. It's just that if it hasn't done it in 2 minutes, we assume there's been some problem, maybe it's fallen into an infinite loop and what we do is break that infinite loop and exit. I insist, it seems very good to me, but okay, we don't want that. We want, in this case, we know we're giving it a pro, we want to give it time. Okay, so, ah, VLLM, yes, yes, yes, I know, I know, I know. Yes, the thing about VLLM is that it doesn't It's not just for using the GPU, but also for distributing, okay? But for using a farm of computers and distributing the load among them and, obviously, using as many resources as possible, okay? Whether it's a GPU or whatever they have. Yes, yes, I haven't tried it yet, but these days I'm going in and out and looking at documentation and watching tutorials because indeed, Fran, that is the next step, okay? And it 's that, okay, I already have it working on one computer, okay? I already see what I can do and also, obviously, I see the limitations, but also related to what we're talking about in distributed computing processes and services and parallel computing. Well, okay, but now, what happens if I have a set of computers that I can use for the calculation? Well, yes, Fran, yes, yes, yes, obviously, obviously I have it, I've looked at it, I haven't tested it yet, but yes, I have indeed looked at distributing calculations across many computers and so on. And let's see, reloading here is going to take a while, I estimate, but as I tell you, As long as it generates the first one, then it's fine for us. Okay, I was asking you about the intermodular project. What's the strategy you didn't tell me about? Okay, I said strategy number one, uh, analyzing how many licenses you have to sell and how much you have to sell the ticket for. But what's the other strategy? What do you say? I 'll take a moment. Intermodular project and analysis, not design and resource determination, exercises. And not here, here. What do you say? What do you think? Let's see, I'll tell you. We were talking before, while this is computing, by the way, we'll check that it works. Okay. We've been talking about €80,000, €80,000, we've been talking about €8,000 licenses per year, which could be if the software justifies it, if the software features justify it. Or if we're talking about invoicing software with Verifactu, well, a standard one, 720,112 licenses. This is one way, but now I ask you, the other way, especially when you start a project, is, tell me, answer me, how could we cut costs? What do you say? I mean, we set up a company. Previously, we assumed that since we provided 24/7 IT support, we haven't talked about Saturdays and Sundays, but anyway, €10,000 in salaries for three IT technicians. Uh, so it came to €60,000 or €50,000, something like €1,000 as a base. Okay? What do you say about that? Of course, what you should tell me. Let's see how this goes. Not at the moment. Okay, let's see, follow the monitor. Okay, it's option two. If the economic estimate is very high, it's very strong, uh, let's reduce the necessary resources to the minimum to be able to start the business. So, what does that mean? Well, a developer develops, implements, starts a developer, that same Developer. Of course, it's pushing at the beginning. That same developer does the support, and let's see, let's see, let's see for a moment. Of course, the same marketing campaign has to be done, maybe a hired salesperson. Well, marketing campaign, okay? Server, of course, it depends on what we're going to set up. Okay, office or maybe a server at home, your own server. So, uh, your own equipment, your own server, it won't be very powerful if you assign yourself a salary. Of course, if you assign yourself a salary of €0, then obviously the cost of setting it up is €0. Okay, but I insist, uh, let's say you don't get paid, but let's say your computer breaks down. So then a €1,000 computer. Okay, let's say you have a computer, but imagine that the computer breaks down, okay? No problem. A server of the €1,000 in development equipment and the server. And now I'll tell you, look at the question I'm going to ask you. So, you assign yourself a salary, Okay? And yes, yes, yes, correct. The same way we implement artificial intelligence to get rid of cumbersome processes that we don't like, such as software documentation, we can also implement it to do, in other words, to automate what is called the design and creation of marketing and communication materials. Yes, I mean, of course, of course. Now we're talking about that. Now we're talking about that too. Uh, let's see. Development team, server. Okay, I was honestly saying, what salary could you assign yourselves? So that if it's too high or bad because the budget goes up, but if it's too low, okay? I insist, be honest because after x months working for too low a salary, you yourselves will say, "Look, it happened, I earn more picking fruit in the field." Okay? And you'll leave the project at 1300 minimum, okay? I don't know, I'm telling you, uh, no, there's no correct answer here, it's whatever you say, "Hey, if I win this, even if I'm fighting the elements, at least it's worth it, okay? 1300 € for 12 months." That means that calculator and 12 * 1300 are 15,000. plus 1000 of development equipment plus 1000 of server are, let's say 18,000. Total of 18,000 € budget. Of course, we have lowered from 80,000 to 18,000 1000. And if we establish, supposedly, that licenses cost 720 €. Okay, then 18,000, okay? Yes, yes, for that reason, but you adjust the money, but you also cannot give yourself a salary of 200 € that you yourself in 6 months say, "Look, it's that I ca n't do it anymore. You know? It's just that life doesn't give me anything. Okay, then let's see. Uh, 17,600 gives birth to 720. So instead of having to sell 112 licenses, you would have to sell 25 licenses. You'd have to sell 25 licenses to get to 1.0, right? For a start. achieve profitability in the sense that you are left with zero, but you are left with zero, but you have earned €10,000 a month. So, you don't save, your assets don't increase, but at least you had a salary of €1,500 and you didn't go bankrupt. Okay? So this is what I want you to think about for your project. This is what you have to do in your project, which is basically defining it for your whatever you want to do. Okay? Good. Next question. Hey, let's see. There is some documentation design here. We'll talk a little bit about this later, but wait a minute. Professional activities. Okay, business area. Okay, Fran, I'm going to jump straight here to the topic of the commercial area and we're going to jump directly to what you've commented. Okay, let's go to new folder 001 basic contents and 00 two exercises. Okay, there's a discipline within marketing called, Let's see how this goes, by the way, let's see if it's done anything. Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Oh wow, super cool, super cool. Dependency and relationships with other files. What do you think? Okay, so this file is the main entry point for José Vicente's RP application. Okay, cool. Role of the global project. Authentication, main interface, session start, session verification. Fantastic. Okay, so, even though it's going to cost a fortune to generate all the complete documentation, it might take 48 hours to get it working, but at least we know that it's going to produce documentation that's first tailored to each file and second contextual to the project. Okay? Let's leave it there for a while longer, calculating, okay? So, so, yeah, yeah, yeah, right, right, Fran. There, there you are absolutely right. Okay, yes, it is possible to have a portfolio of recurring clients in the sense that, uh, there is a maxim in marketing. Then there are people who agree with this maxim, there are people who disagree more, who say that it costs three times as much to acquire a new client as it does to retain an existing one, right? It's a phrase that is said in marketing. So basically, basically what the phrase means is that, well, it's what you say, okay? The important thing is to build a portfolio of clients to whom you can then sell more products, right? Well, I was telling you, I was telling you that here in exercises marketing and communication materials. Okay, so I'm always going to go to the BOE, the BOE BOE marketing and advertising. And in the BOE Fran, I think you'll find inspiration there about what activities to do. Development of marketing and communication materials. Materials development, design and development, sorry, design and development of marketing and communications materials. 1007. Code 1007. Look, you know what? I'm going to stick this to you. This is index. Opa. Oh, come on. No. Index.Md from here. Let's see, I'm going to leave out economic management, but not because it's not important, which is very important, but because I'm not going to tell you this, Pila Ruiz is going to tell you this, obviously. This is very important, this is very important, this is very important. This is very important, okay? This is very important. I'm going to take this away from you mainly because Alicia is telling you this. This is a project, this is F. And this is training in workplaces. Okay? Now, in each subject we're going to cover a little bit, so that obviously we won't have time to learn the entire marketing and advertising cycle in half an hour or an hour, but it will give us time to at least get an idea of ​​what marketing does and get ideas. So I come over here and I say, let's go to 1007. Okay. And in code 1007 what I'm going to do is I'm going to take the syllabus here and paste it for you. And no, this is the index, okay? And this is here. What should be done? Well, then, create advertising materials, taking into account the composition, the color, the typography, okay? Writing, laying out press ads, composing elements, managing visual perception, balance, tension, and reading sense. Okay? Good. Okay. Okay. Application of persuasive communication techniques, that is, communication that suggests to the customer that he/she, that is, invites him/her to buy. Okay? Okay. What else is important? Let's see. Okay. Development of advertising materials, design for multimedia presentations, emails, email marketing, press releases, okay? Tools for making presentations. Okay. Okay, cool. Well, what else do we have? What else do we have? Important, important. Marketing policies. Where are you? Come on, here. Okay, marketing policies, market opportunity assessment, and here marketing policies md. What will we talk about at a given time? Well, for the evaluation of business opportunities. Here, in services marketing, how do we define our product policy? We are programmers, we do n't know that there is a product policy, but what product policy does our service have? Well, we have to start thinking that this exists. Okay. Hey, let's see for a moment. Definition of pricing policy. What pricing policies exist? How do I set the price of my app? What do I base this on? Well, this block of knowledge, which is marketing policies, tells us that, right? Selection of form and distribution channel. Fran, how are we going to distribute our project? Well, I have no idea, but the thing is that we spent a whole year in first year programming, and in second year we continued programming. Right now in business management systems we're programming, but of course, suddenly someone says to you, "Okay, but how are you going to distribute what you're programming?" and you're like, "Wow, I hadn't thought of that." Okay, the idea is that theoretically someone from programming should collaborate with someone from marketing to create a marketing campaign. Of course, but it's also important that the programmer has a series of marketing ideas, right? Okay, so by the way, we're going to go to the RP and there's no news yet. It hasn't exploded. The monitor is still at full power, okay? That means he's still calculating well. What else? What else is done in marketing? Okay. Yes, correct, correct. But that's what I 'm telling you, that is, without intermediaries, with our own platform, okay? Correct. That's a means of dissemination, launching it with marketing to the market as the first searches on Google. That, Fran, is called SEO, it's called search engine optimization, but we have to know a little bit about SEO. I'm not telling you to become SEO experts, but we do have to learn a little bit about SEM, okay? What you said, about paying for searches, is done with another type of positioning called SEM, which is search engine marketing. But once again, okay? We need to know the basics, the foundation of how Google AdSense, Facebook Ads, or LinkedIn Ads work to know how to create ads on search engines and social media. Okay, that's what I'm saying. Okay, hey, digital marketing, this has our name on it. Okay, so let's go this way. Well, wait a minute. Uh, zero, 0931 0931 digital marketing. Well, here in this subject, unfortunately there is a lot of chaff. There is a lot of straw. And in the syllabus, I mean, digital marketing. Then, when it is taught in reality, the chaff is removed and an attempt is made to teach it as best as possible. But okay, internet connections, what is the internet, how to manage email. Well, electronic invoicing, that's not bad to know either. Determining the strategy in interrelations with other users on the web. Sure, IRC programs. Wow, IRC programs, that hasn't been used for decades. web page construction. You can imagine how much it matters to us. Design of the digital marketing plan. Okay. Okay. Very good. Well, well, what else do we have? What else do we have? Media and supports. Let's see. media and communication supports 004 MD. Oh, stay. Obviously, as you can imagine, what I'm going to do next is I'm going to take this, I'm going to pass it on to GPT chat or whoever, and I'm going to say, "Give me an explanation of each of these things." Let's see. In fact, in fact, I think I'm going to do it here now with you. Yes, Fran. Let's see, that's where I want to get to. Very good. Okay, that's what I want to talk to you about. Of course, in this case, what do we do? On the one hand, we're seeing that there's a lot of content to cover, so if we hire someone, we'll increase the budget again, which obviously would be the case if we paid someone to do it well. Okay, but we're increasing the budget again. The other way, Fran, is we do it ourselves, but if we do it ourselves we have to learn how to do it. What would you say is the correct answer? There's no right answer, okay? But, but, where would you say I'm going? Well, what I'm getting at is the same thing I told you a moment ago, and that is that we would most likely have to, first of all, at first, do it ourselves. And to do that, we have to have a certain idea of ​​what needs to be done, and then, obviously, when we want to take the leap, we have to have someone from the marketing and advertising cycle who can dedicate themselves specifically to that task, and you can dedicate yourself specifically to programming, right? That's kind of the point. So eh let's see. Well, public relations and event planning. Well, computer scientists aren't really into events, to be honest, but okay, why not? At least let's see that this exists. Let's see. Okay. And public relations. Okay, next up is business research. This is very important that this is 100. Commercial research. And here. Okay, so what is the market? What are the limits of the market for your chosen product? What is the macroenvironment? What is the microenvironment, studying consumer behavior? All of these are things that are very difficult for us programmers to understand, but of course, you suddenly, yes, I mean, you take any point from the marketing agenda, just this one, just this one, at some point, since you've known me, we've talked, we've even dealt with this concept that popped into our heads of studying consumer behavior. I mean, never. I've talked to you about databases, markup languages, programming, operating systems, servers, but of course, now that we want to sell a product, imagine how important it is—I've just underlined a sentence, okay?—which is to study how our consumer behaves. Horrible, I mean, horrible. It's like, gosh, we've been learning one thing, but we haven't been learning another, right? Because? because it's another cycle, okay? This is from the marketing and advertising cycle, but of course, when we have to start designing a product, all those kinds of things are important. 11 fieldwork in commercial research and 007 pun md And what else do we have? Product launch. Okay. Hey, new file 008, product and service launch dot MD. Oh, the sea. Oh, sir. Okay, fine. And finally, customer, consumer and user service. MD subject 1110. Ay. Okay, let's test the system a little. So far I've copied a series of contents for you so we can start reviewing, but what do you think if I then say, "Okay, now, but empathy, what's this about? Assertiveness, what's this about? Nonverbal communication. But what's this about? Well, once again what I can do is create a small Python file that documents all of this, that gives me at least a small description and that allows me to generate a series of small notes to begin with, okay? So to do that, let's see, I come here, I come here, okay? I create a new file and say Python script calling to oama gema or yama to read a bunch of MD files in a folder in the same folder as script first feed them all at once toama to get context and then feed line by line each of the documents to query description in Spanish [Music] to make something like a documentation save resulting documents besides original docum may with a file name extension, okay? Uh, sample file is this. So, moment. lines starting with, no, how do you say hyphen? How do you say hyphen in English? It's no, no, that type of hyphen, okay? With no hyphen starting with hyphen are eh top level topics, lines starting with hen are subtopics. And I think I have around here, I think I have around here, I've seen one that had like a third level of subtopics. Now, to annoy, it won't appear. Well, no, if it doesn't appear, it doesn't appear. Look here. Okay, these lines starting with a dot are third level subtopics and I think that's it. Let's see. In this case, I'm not saying quen. I think here I would have to use the OSS model, that is, GPT OSS, because here I need a strong model, okay? But well, in this case I'm telling it that it either calls or gems, because they are models that are, how should I put it? Uh, for general use, okay? The Quen model is the model for programming, but obviously, well, it does n't apply in this case. Okay? Build a global context, go through it line by line, use gem or flame. I think I have these two. Okay. And here we go. Meanwhile, meanwhile, let's see if the Where are you? Let's see if the RPMD has made any progress. And header or timeout. Okay, okay. Timeout. Okay, I have to give it more time because if it starts with a timeout, it's probably going to time out forever. I'm going to stop it, but I would have to give it a time limit of more than infinity, okay? So that way, so that it takes all the time it needs. Okay, so I'm going to do Python summaries here, okay? And in summaries, punch a moment. Okay, let's try it out. What happens is that make this stream contents so that files are written as they are generated don't have to wait for a contents. Once again, since waiting for the entire document will cost a fortune, in that case what we're going to do is tell it okay, to do real streaming. Stream each chunk, okay? So, well, that's how we'll see it and so on. Let's see it. You'll see the docd point. Ah, okay. Okay, okay. Fantastic. Let's see it. Let's see. Let's see, wait a moment. Okay, okay. Let's see. And uh, documentation over here. Okay, we've got this clear. Let's go to second, let's go to intermodular project, let's go to lines of action, let's go to, hey, uh, sorry, to professional activities. Let's go to the commercial area, okay? Let's open summaries. I 'm scared. Let's see what happens, because of course, let's see, uh, Python 3, summaries, the best. What? How? How? Let's see, let's see, let's see, let's see. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, okay. Let's see. Please help me list. [Music] Although you know them, also make sure the script processes only MD files. Let's see. Okay. Only pure MD files and not.doc.mdfiles to not. E, how would this be? Gee, right? The word to not process recursibili own files. Okay, the thing is that chat GPT knows exactly which models I have installed on my computer, especially because chat GPT helped me install them. So if it's not the Yama Instruct, then it'll be another one we have. Let's see. Okay. Okay, let's see list the models. Okay. Okay. The best available. Oh, wait. Let's see, first, first this over here. Second, obviously. Okay. Okay. Okay, let's see, I 'm going to go to this one. Okay, I have these. Which one is it? Okay, of course, if it takes the best one and this one, it's going to crash my computer, and of course, I don't want it, I do n't want it, or I do want it. I mean, it crashes, meaning it leaves me unresponsive for an hour or so, but of course, and it seems like it's going to burn out. Okay, close the door. Okay, then let's see. Your script already excludes. Okay, default preferred. Let's go for this. I like this better. Okay. Okay. Default preferred. Default preferred. Ah, look how good. Okay. Okay. And now def autopick, okay? And def autopick. Okay. Okay, now we load, we load this one here. We run the model. Okay, this is something else. Wow. Quen. What do you mean quen? No, no, it was this one. Well, let's see. But the one that took me wasn't the favorite one on the list, but okay. I 'm going to ask. list is this but then it shouldn't have taken llama in first place. It shouldn't have taken llama. Let's see if the document is streaming. And ah, index. Oops, I hadn't counted that. Okay, okay. Uh, let's see. Okay. Uh, wow. Okay, cool, cool. And in fact it is streaming. It's true that it is streaming. Wow. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Reload. Yes, it is streaming. Yes. Okay, okay. Very good. Hey, let's see the answer. Hey, here your writing is looking for an exact match. Ah. Wow. Okay. Okay, so default prefer. Okay, it's reloading. It's still doing pretty well, really, but come on, come on. Hey, summaries. The default prefer. I take this and now in Autopic Model I put this. Autopic model. I take this, stop, delete the one that doesn't work for me, I didn't count on that, but oh well. Okay, this doesn't exist outside. And we run it again to see what it picks up. It picks Quen again. Well, whatever. Okay, so let's leave it with Quen. How strange. Good. So index, the main objective of, okay? Okay, if you notice, it's writing it little by little. Let's see it. Now. Okay, well, wait a moment and let's see, let's wait a moment for the index to finish because what I want is to see how it enters each of the subjects. and it starts making a comment for each of the subpoints. And now, obviously, obviously, it will take as long as it takes. By the way, since we're at it, Fran, because of what you were saying before about the VLM, uh, how can I make oama use GPU? Because it's using the CPU. Let's see. Okay, I have... No, well, as I told you, I don't know what the problem is, but on this computer I used it on the GPU and nothing, and now it's not using the GPU, but okay. Let's see how we're doing. Reload. Okay, digital marketing is the discipline that deals with the main objectives. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, now we'll finish, but as I told you, I'm in no rush. Obviously, I want to leave this computing tonight to let you know when you have it, so that you can download it and see it, and you can use the script for whatever you want, obviously. And the goal is that in future classes, we'll have a little bit of a view of the marketing content at the moment when we want to make an application that sells and in the moment in which in the intermodular project we not only want to mix the different modules, which we obviously want that, but also what we want is uh to obtain an integral sales process, that is, hm consider the launch of a service. Not only from the point of view of programming and the database and the markup languages, etc., etc., but from the point of view of knowing the user, the client, knowing the market and having an idea that what we are going to launch will fit well in the market. I'm going to do one thing. I'm going to do one thing. I'm going to cheat a little. Okay, I'm going to cheat a little because I'm a little impatient. And Okay. Good. And then and then uh I'm going to close here, I'm going to delete this and then I'm going to move the index to 101 or 100, with which it will move to the very bottom. And then I'm going to here I'm going to start with marketing and communication materials. And then yes, now yes, now yes. Okay, you'll see how, well, I have for the moment Level three. Okay, let's see it. And what I want is to see how you're going to give me a comment on each of the units. Let's see it. Yes, yes, correct, correct. And that, Fran, is our opportunity because, uh, the objective, if you notice, the objective in the previous development is very specific for programmers, is to automate documentation, okay? No one outside of programming understands how disgusting that work is, but what I 'm doing now is a much more normal world automation, okay? It's much more of the world, let's say, applicable to any type of person or any type of business and it's not that difficult, okay? But it's not that difficult, Fran, for us, because for us, because we know how to do much more complex things, for us it's a business opportunity for what we were talking about before, as in the case of Salva Moret, it's to automate, okay? To help people automate and therefore make artificial intelligence, instead of being or in addition to being a threat to our work, become a complement to our Work, okay? Let it be another business opportunity. There's a lot of talk on social media about whether artificial intelligence is taking over the work of juniors and not the work of seniors. Okay, I don't know, maybe it is, but the truth is that a senior isn't going to start doing what I just did. This, which is an automation of a document, is a job for juniors. Okay? So what I create here is reload. Now, now. This is what I want, okay? This is what I want, and correct, exact, exact, correct. Okay, that kind of micro. Exactly. That's what I was going to tell you. I mean, I was going to tell you that phrase, okay? That phrase about, well, there's something complex to do, and you integrate automation, and that automation helps the client make a good decision. That's a good implementation in that first, a junior will do that, a senior will decide, but a junior will do it, and it's not taking anyone's work away, I mean, no one would read it. That client, the thousands, thousands of lines of description, okay? So, I agree with you there that those types of implementations, I think they are good AI implementations and it's that AI does something that until now you couldn't do. It doesn't take anyone's work away, it doesn't take anyone's cake away, and it helps people. Okay. Fine. Well, nothing, now later, okay? Reload here. Let's see. Okay, there it is. Okay. Okay. Offline sources. Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Let's see. Preparation. Online information sources. Search engines. Okay. Sources. Ah, search engines. Rules of use. Correct, correct. Okay, okay. I'm making sure. Yes, it's true that, uh, for example, AI can always hallucinate and can freak out. I was making sure it wasn't skipping sections, but skipping sections is more typical of GPT chat, etc., than IAS in local mode. I mean, GPT chat a lot of the time It's clear that they skip things to save resources. On the other hand, with local IAS, if you tell them to do something, they won't stop until they do it. They'll do it better or worse, because obviously due to a power issue, let's see how the CPU performs, due to a power issue they'll do worse than the GPT model, but okay, but they'll do it until the end. Okay, so nothing, I'll upload all this later, okay? I figure I'll stop it in a while and put it back up tonight. Uh, also this weekend Fran synced what we talked about before, about these, the test I deleted because it came out badly, and the one where I deleted the evaluation because it came out zero and nothing, and over the weekend I'll re-upload the evaluations along with what I was telling you before, right? That the evaluations were redoing the prompt so that it evaluates more fairly. Uh, what was I going to tell you? Stay tuned. I think the email I'm going to send I'm going to send it with a copy to you, okay? So I can put you and Salva in direct communication so he can contact you and call you and talk, okay? And I'm telling you, I think what I'm going to say is, "Hey, maybe I'll send Luis too, I don't know." Okay, but in a way like, hey, see? Talk, uh, explain everything to him, explain everything you need to explain to him, let him ask you everything I need to ask you, okay? Because as I told you, last time I sent him a guy who turned out to be really dumb and this time I want to send him someone who's powerful, okay? But as I told you, I don't want to send someone who's a slave. It's just that when you meet that guy and when that guy tells you everything he does and everything he's involved in, you'll see that you're interested in being in contact with that guy, okay? That's why, I mean, I don't think of it as a relationship of, I don't have to compensate that guy because This was 3 years ago, I haven't had any contact with him. I mean, I don't have any need, but what, I mean, I want to send you because the possibilities of two-way benefit are quite large, but well, as I said, you see, meet him, do the interview, you're not obligated to anything and that's it. In fact, notice that his email, his email, well, it 's really more or less the same. I mean, without any kind of commitment, I wanted to ask you, yes and such. I mean, he's not telling me, "Hey, man, send me someone because you sent me a guy who was really weak." Okay, yes, he mentions it and it's true. Okay, it doesn't work perfectly well as you know, correct. And such. Okay, well, that's it. Well, that's not much else for today. Now I'll start uploading videos to the platform and updating the medium screen. And that's it, see you on Monday. Yesterday they told me that there 's a long weekend, okay? That Thursday is October 9th, I didn't count on it and on Friday they told me that it's a long weekend, Which is a huge pain, but hey, it is what it is. Okay? Then, well, nothing, I don't know. Look, it also depends a bit on whether I have my son on Thursday or Friday or not, because if I don't have my son, well, it doesn't matter. Hey, do you know if you 're with Mom or with me next week? October 9th and 10th, Thursday and Friday, which is a holiday, right? Okay, well, nothing, well, once I know, because if I have my son, well, nothing, but if my wife is going to have him, well, I'll tell you, hey, we'll take some classes and we won't miss a beat, we don't go a week without classes on processes and data access and this and business management systems, which, damn, it's just on Thursday and Friday, the holiday. I'm telling you, they told me yesterday. Yesterday they told me, "Hey, next week." And I was like, "What?" What, what bridge? What long weekend?" And of course, then you start doing the math and you say, "Damn, October 9th." I didn't remember that was already there. Okay? So, well, I'll tell you, when I know something, well, I'll tell you, and if you have availability and you're in Valencia and you're not going to travel there, then we'll do at least some classes, okay? And we won't be stuck on content for a week. Well, see you on Monday anyway, okay? Come on, guys, see you now. Have a good weekend. M.