Okay, and now when recording what I'm going to do is a demonstration of how to generate an exercise and, in other words, how to receive an exercise, how to receive an assignment, an activity, solve it and upload it. To do this, I'm going to do the following. Let's suppose that we finish the topic of the teaching unit subunit. Where are you? Here it is. at one o'clock. So I come here, right? This is teaching unit one. Okay. I come here and compress. Okay. Copy, paste. And then next in an artificial intelligence I come and say, "I'll upload the exercises that we've done in the teaching unit. Look at the code for the exercises. Look at the learning outcomes and assessment criteria. Propose an activity to the students based on the code that has been taught in the practical exercises and the activity must be about cinema. I'll upload the file and let's see it. Let's go. Yes, correct. Yes. Oops, I said that. I hope you understood. Yes. It was by accident and what I want is a statement, what I want is an activity and now I'm going to be the student, okay? Now I'm going to put myself in the student's shoes in that I have to solve the exercise. Let's see. Okay, imagine you are, look, a technical sheet for a movie. Fantastic. Imagine you are a programmer of an application and uh, cinema that needs to save and display basic information about movies. Declare variables to store the following information. Use literals where appropriate. For example, a constant for the current year. Do operations uh like with Arithmetic operators to calculate how many years have passed since its release. What a great idea. This would never have occurred to me. How many hours and minutes is the film based on the duration in minutes? Fantastic. Okay, a fantastic exercise. And print the film's technical sheet on the screen in this format. Optionally, add a boolean indicating whether the film is recommended. True or False. So this is literally what you can receive. In fact, it's a fantastic activity for unit number one, but I'm not going to send you this one because this is about cinema and each of you on the form will have told me that you like a different thing or not. Anyone who doesn't fill out the form will receive a standard activity. I mean, the artificial intelligence will choose the topic, but obviously I recommend that you choose the topic. I think you'll work much more comfortably. Okay, you'll receive a statement like this and therefore what you will have to do is, Let's see, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Where are documents? Documents. Here in documents. I 'm going to do the step-by-step guide to solve or example of solving a subunit pun practice. Okay, let's assume a proposed exercise. Let's suppose that in my survey I indicated that I like cinema. The artificial intelligence proposes the following statement, this one here, okay? So, OK. Moment. Preferences. Oops, there. Okay. Okay. Uh, no, wait. The quote. Well, the quote was this. I think it's not going to be, but let's try it. Programming. Ah, no, no, no, no. Upload, upload, upload. Fantastic. Documents and uh, save and example and no, it didn't work. Okay. Okay. No problem. Look, I'm going to put it as if it were code and that's it. Okay? And so you can see it as if it were a piece of code, let's say. Okay, so if this is the next statement, what do I do next? So, step one, Solve the problem with code. From here, I open a code editor and solve the proposed exercise step by step. So, now I'm going to leave this here for now. I'm going to idl. I 'm going to create a new file. Hey, how annoying. Okay, and now I say, well, apart from saving it, I'm going to save it on the desktop, for example, I don't know, desktop, test, or uh, activity. Imagine you're a programmer. Declare variables to store the following information. Well, first of all, I'm going to create a doc string. What I told you before, the basic structure. Movie program Copyright 2025. José Vicente Carratalá. Hey, this program manages movie data, okay? So declare variables, okay? Title equals something. Release year, we don't put ñs, it equals something. Duration, we don't put an accent, it equals something. Punctuation equals something. Okay? And that's it. So in this case, what I'm going to do is the Next. Title: The Neverending Story. Release year: 1984, maybe The Neverending Story. Film: The Novel, Film. Year: 1984. Okay. Duration. Where did it go? Here. Duration. Duration. Duration. 102 minutes. Let's put 102 minutes. Rating. Let's put a 10. So for now, I've already fulfilled what we have here. Now it tells me to do arithmetic operations to calculate certain things. How many years have passed since the premiere? Well, current year or use literals, I think it said somewhere. Okay, so, eh, elapsed time. The time elapsed to calculate that. No, Sandro, it's not that it doesn't understand accents. Theoretically, all programming languages ​​today are Unicode. That means they support accents, ñs, and all that. That's in theory. In practice, I don't trust it one bit. Okay? Therefore, it's another thing to put accents, for example, for strings and literals, but for Variable names for compatibility, in case you later implement on a server that's in English, just in case you don't put accents, girls. I always tell you the same thing, do what I do, okay? So, the year, the elapsed time is 2025 minus the year of release, okay? 2025, which is the year we are in now. What else? How many hours and minutes does the movie last? Okay, so for example, hours is equal to, a little moment here, the duration, okay? So, so, let's see, so this is duration divided by and this is an integer, that is, I want to remove the decimal and now minutes is equal to the integer remainder of the division. Hm. No, of course, this would be duration divided by 60. Wait a minute. Let's see, wait, wait, wait, wait. Okay. Duration divided by 60. Gee. Duration times 60. The integer remainder of the division by 60. Let's see. I want to do a printout of minutes. I don't trust it. right now. Print minutes. Let's see what comes out of this. Zero. Okay. Duration match 60. Duration multiplied by 60. Let's see, integer remainder of the division by 6 0. What? I'm going to do a trick, okay? which is hours or sorry minute duration sorry -60 and that's it. Let's work with that trick. Yes, yes. The thing is that it's one hour and 42, but I can't enter it manually. There has to be a calculation in between. Okay. And now show on the screen with print the technical sheet of the film in format. Print. Title title comma title without accent print release. Release year a moment ago long time ago years. Duration. Gee. Hello. Print. Hours. H minutes m score score score of 10. And if this is correct, if this is correct and I press F5, title The Neverending Story, released 194 41 years ago and it lasts 1 hour and 42 minutes and has a score of 10 out of 10. Now, next, this is, I've already finished the step corresponding to solving the problem with code. I'll take this, okay? And I'll put it here. Once I have the code for the exercise solved, I have the code for the exercise, but not the exercise. That is, if I look at the evaluation rubric, the evaluation rubric establishes, you have it here, the rubric establishes how to solve an exercise. Let's see how to solve it. Evaluation rubric. Now one, a brief introduction. Hello. Au, au, au. Up. So, now I complete the activity according to what it asks for. Where are you? The evaluation rubric. This means it's not on the site. Okay, where are you? Okay. And then I have to fill out the following sections: Section one, section two, section 3, and section four. So let's see it. Brief introduction and contextualization. Explain the general concept clearly and correctly and mention what it's for or in what context it's used. And I say, The objective of this exercise is to demonstrate the basic use of the main building blocks of a computer program. To do this, we're going to create a simple example of how to generate a simple program from 0 to 100 that manages the information of a movie. And in this way, you are showing me, you are transmitting to me, not only that you know how to write code, but that you understand what you're doing. So, next, we say detailed and precise development, including correct definitions. To solve this exercise, we're going to first declare a series of variables that will contain the information. Two, create arithmetic operations with the variables, and three, properly present the information on the screen. Use real code examples if appropriate. Not in this case. There will be many other cases where this is necessary, but in this case, it 's not necessary. Now, for a practical application. Uh, to illustrate the creation of a computer program, we present the following specific example, in which we declare initial variables and process the data to perform calculations. And then again. Then again. Copy, paste. And a brief conclusion. What have we learned with This exercise? With this exercise, we can demonstrate that it's easy to create a program with a basic structure in Python that not only works correctly, but is also readable, and that's it. Last part: joining the previous parts into a single block of text. So, I do this: copy, paste, delete, delete the introductory texts. And that's it. And this is what you'll hand in. Look, this is the first video that'll already be done, right? Just a moment. Let's see. Wait, now I don't know where this is. Here either, but oh well, it doesn't matter. Let's see, here's local host documents, example. So, step number one: solve the problem. Now I complete the activity according to what the evaluation rubric asks for. Brief introduction. Trick trick, detailed and precise development, practical construction, trick trick, brief conclusion, trick trick. Last part: joining the previous parts into a single block. And this is what you're going to hand in. So, what What you'll do is copy and paste it into a form that I haven't sent you yet, which I'll send you this weekend. So, what I'm going to do is go to GPT chat and say, "Hey, this is my submission." Evaluate the submission and score it out of 10 and provide feedback to the student. I won't do this by hand; instead, there will be an automated artificial intelligence that does that. Okay? The evaluation, positive aspects, there's a doc string, declare the variables, and use aspects to improve. I knew it. The calculation of the minutes, duration -60. Okay, that only works if the movie is between one and two hours long, right? Look at it, this is what I couldn't find. Okay, minutes equals duration percentage 60. Look. That's what I was looking for. Okay. Good. Uh, suggestion for improvement. This right here, okay? Whole division and remainder. Final grade: 9 out of 10, okay? I got a point taken off because of that crappy thing I did, which It was to subtract 60 minutes, okay? And that's it. And this is what's going to happen. And you, the artificial intelligence, will propose an evaluation, okay? It will say, "Look, I'll give you this grade and I'll give it to you for this reason, and then, as I was saying, I'll create it the other day in the email, if necessary, I mean, if you don't agree, you can complain to me, okay? Knowing, knowing that in the end the answer is being given to you by an artificial intelligence that can make mistakes. Well, technically, people, humans, can also make mistakes, but obviously artificial intelligences, you've probably seen artificial intelligences make mistakes, right? So, that's why I'm telling you that, in principle, I should review the submissions manually once the artificial intelligence has proposed grades, but if you see that there's something that doesn't fit, a grade that you don't agree with, then you can complain to me and that's it. We get together, we look at it, and maybe the artificial intelligence is right and I tell you, "No, no, the evaluation that it gave you is correct for this, for this, and for this reason." Or maybe I'm wrong, because what happened to me this summer when I tested this system was that I would enter the correct answer and the artificial intelligence would say, "No, I'm taking points away from you because you didn't enter this." And I said, "Yes, I have included it, you know? I mean, it's not a big deal. I mean, there's a percentage of determination there and I know it. With I know it. What I mean is, don't worry, I'm not going to blindly trust what artificial intelligence says and what mass says, no. There is always work above human supervision and the final decision is made by a human being. Okay? And what I just explained to you is how to submit the unit activities, the unit activities and the quarterly exams in all my subjects, in all of them. That means that the first time you do this, it will probably take you a while to get the hang of it. That's true, but once you get the hang of it, you'll have this for the entire course, for all my subjects. When I say my subjects, it means that obviously this may not be and in fact probably will not be the evaluation system that Alicia in English and Pilar Ruiz will use in the itinerary for the Employability. They will use their own methodologies, their own criteria, and their own whatever. I, obviously, like everything I program, will make it available to them as well as to the center, and obviously, they will be the ones who will make their own free decision as teachers and those responsible for each of those subjects. Okay, I say this so you don't go to Alicia or Pilar now and tell them, well, Alicia does, and Pilar and tell them, "Hey, since José Vicente uses artificial intelligence, you use it too, right?" I mean, each one, okay? They do the best they think within their subject and that's what it is. So, uh, I'll go for a moment, I'll go for a moment to send a message. Okay, or not, or I think we'll be the ones who change rooms because that way we leave the room to Alicia and that's it, okay? So now in the next hour, in the next block, in databases, but that will be in half an hour, we will use, uh, we will use another room. Okay, and now Next, we're going to start the third unit. The third, no, the second unit. Let's see it here. Let's see here. Okay. Yes, the third unit, which, sorry, no, the entire second unit is called using objects. Let's see what an object is and let's see what objects we have. Oh, Sandro, where will you submit the exercises? On a form whose URL I'll send you by email, but it isn't there yet. So, I can't tell you right now to enter https 2/ I don't know what, I don't know how many and submit it there. Not yet, but I estimate that this Saturday night you'll receive that form, okay? That's why, that form basically has three elements. First, you'll enter your ID. Later, your ID will recognize you and give you a personalized exercise for you, and it will indeed have to be in MD format. That's it. Okay, at first, obviously, since I just showed you MD right now, well, I won't be especially strict about it being correctly formatted in the MD format, and then later on, throughout the Weeks, well, each time, well, I will tell you, hey, you have to write the MD format correctly. Okay, then we're going to start talking about objects. And basically, I'm going to tell you that programming languages ​​incorporate objects. In unit four of the programming syllabus, we will learn to create our own classes and our own objects. But nevertheless, let's see, uh, okay. Uh, but nevertheless, we're going to start working with Python's own characteristic objects. Okay, for that, let's go here for a moment to use objects. Let's go to object characteristics. And before starting with object characteristics, uh, 001 characteristics, point MD, and I'm going to say that objects have properties, which are static attributes, they have methods, which are dynamic functions, they have constructors, or they can have constructors, which is a function that is executed at the beginning. Later, they will have advanced operations, such as inheritance, polymorphism, or interfaces. Objects, objects represent blocks of code, they try to modularize and reuse. They are important for creating large programs. And in this case, we'll see moment. No, no, no. Let's see, one second. Okay, let's create an example. Let's instantiate objects. To do this, we're going to start by introducing a module that imports objects, which is the math module. So, let's import more punyt, and to do this, the first thing I'm going to say is import. Import math. Hey, not here. Let's open it in idle. Since we're doing Python, let's open idelo, programming, objects, instantiation, and here, okay, we import more, and nothing happens. For now, what we've done is import a library. From here on, in the syllabus, we're expected to work with the use of methods. A method is a function. So now, next, method instantiation, okay? methods of an object. If I import the object math imports, I 'm going to say print math sqrt square root of 16. The result f5 is 4. The square root of 16 is 4. What we're seeing here is a method, it's an action. It calculates the square root. But The square root of what? Well, methods take parameters. Methods have parentheses, and what you put inside the parentheses is the what. Okay, what do I want you to calculate? The square root of, the square root of who, of 16. If you want, I'm going to make this example more spread out. So, so you can see it better, I say, number equals 16 square root equals math. Sqrt SQRT B number and print right. It's the same, but it's divided into three lines, and I think you can understand it better this way. I declare a number, calculate its square root, and then print it. The methods of an object are functions; they do things, they perform calculations. Now, an object, an object has properties, an object also has properties. So if I, for example, a property is a piece of data, it's not a function, it does n't do anything, it's simply static. So now, next, I'm going to say, e pi equals math pi. So print pi. Pi doesn't execute a square root or perform a calculation, no. I'm a [ __ ], it's simply give me the number. So I press F5 and it gives me the number pi with a series of decimals that the program has implemented for some reason. The idea of ​​this, as you can see, is that at any given time we can execute, we can create as many instances of an object as we want and objects have operations inside. Objects know things. With objects, we can do things. Let's see. Let's see. Okay, so today I want to get to the end of programming. Okay, today I want to get to the end of programming. Okay, okay. We don't use static methods yet and we're going to review it and yes, correct, correct, Sandro. MAh is the object that knows math, that is, MA is an object that comes pre-built, Python has prepared it for us and within MAT there are tons of methods and properties. And your next question would be, what is the list of methods and properties? And the answer is, I have no idea, nor do I need to know. Okay? Why? Because we'll always find the documentation page where I'm going to put Python Docs and then I'm going to put mathule math in Python. Here we have it. We have docs.python.org, that is, the official documentation. And uh, for example, in mathematical functions I say, look, here I have this whole list, I have this whole list that is super cool. Okay, this list here and from there it begins to describe each of the functions. I'll probably die of old age having used 10% of all this. Okay? In Python there are infinite modules, there is an incredibly large number of modules and each module has its own parameters and its own methods. Learning the list of methods and parameters of all the Python modules is an impossible task, it's a waste of time. Don't do it. Instead, it's much better to know that there is Python documentation and that at any given time, when you want to know and want to find out something, you'll be able to find it within the Python application. Let's see. No, you'll see, you'll see, you'll see. Very, very good question. Look, I'll take this opportunity to I want to tell you that there's something in Python that, well, you'll find funny, but it 's actually kind of serious. To start, I'm going to tell you that the name Python comes from Monty Python, and that Monty Python is an English comedy group, which is who we are here. You'll probably hear them from the movie Life of Brian, Monty Python and Monty Python: Knights of the Round Table, etc. Okay, so, right off the bat, the name Python itself is a bit of a joke. Also, one of the members of Monty Python, one of the members of Monty Python is the actor Eric Idle, and the default code editor in Python is called Idle, in honor of the actor Eric Idle. But besides all this, besides all this, there's a part that we'll be reviewing these days called the Python Cen. The Python Cen are a series of philosophical rules that you're recommended to follow, not because I recommend it, but because Python itself recommends it. And we're going to read them. Beautiful is better than ugly. As for the code, a Beautiful code, beautiful code, nice to look at, easy to read, is better than ugly code. Explicit is better than implicit. Do you remember when I wrote a very long line and said, "No, I'm going to break it into three lines so it's easier to understand what each line does." That's explicit. Simple is better than complex. It's a vital rule, okay? Try to simplify things as much as you can. Now, sometimes things have to be complex. Well, complex is less than complicated, okay? Make it complex, but don't make it complicated, they're different things. Flat is better than nested. Okay, I'll tell you about this nesting, how it affects. What I was saying, sparse is better than dense, okay? Don't be afraid to use lines, don't densify the information, spread it out and make it clear. Of course, readability counts. It's not just about the program working. It's also about the code being readable, okay? that the code is understood when another human being reads it. From here on, special cases aren't, uh, wait, stop, stop, stop, enter. Okay, exactly, because I saw you, I already have the first years here, okay? Now in 10 minutes the second years will arrive online, okay? So now in 10 minutes I'm stopping this class and I'm going to compile with you, tear off the rooms. That's why I'm going to do that. I'm going to see if I remember and go through things. I don't know if you read my email. Okay, perfect. Well, you're number two, she's number three, but now I'll set it up for you. Okay, I didn't answer you because I knew you were in class. I answered, okay, sure, sure. That's why we'll see each other now. Okay, see you now. So, special cases aren't so special as to break the rules, but practicality wins over purity. That is, if you have to break a rule to make things more practical, you break it, no problem. Errors should never pass silently, unless you explicitly silence them. If you're a student and you find a bug, don't continue until you fix it. Learn from your mistake. That's what you have to do. Now, when you're not a student and you're in a company and you want to solve problems as quickly as possible, then you'll probably want to silence them. In the face of ambiguity, avoid the temptation to guess. That is, don't have to guess what your program does, make sure your program is clear and explains what it does. There should be one, and preferably only one, obvious way to do things. Although that may not be obvious, unless you're Dutch. The creator of Python is Dutch. It's a joke, okay? It's like a wink from a Dutchman to Holland. Now is better than ever, but it's never—er, often better than right now. Okay? If the implementation is difficult to explain, it's a bad idea. Okay? If your program is difficult to explain, it's a bad idea. If the implementation is easy to explain, it might be a good idea. And now, namespaces are a Fantastic idea. Let's do more of that. What I've done here, you'll see later, is a namespace. This thing about putting as, whatever, you'll see. It's called a namespace. And that ensures that when I write code, that code won't collide, it won't crash into other code. Why? Because it's unlikely that someone has put math in their library. And if I don't put math, José Vicente, okay? And then that namespace will surely not collide with any other namespace. As I said, I'll explain this to you later, more slowly, okay? And yes, yes, correct. Indeed, Sandro, I mean, the creators of Python, eh, took very seriously the thing about, you know? About making it as simple as possible. And therefore, what they're telling you is that, hey, since we've taken care to make a simple language, make it simple too, okay? I mean, follow that rule of programming in the way as simple as possible, which is effectively a Zen, okay? I mean, uh, Python suggests that you program in a specific way, then program however you want, but the Z of Python is designed to make your life easier. And therefore, my recommendation is to read it and over time, it doesn't have to be the first week, obviously, and over time try to adjust to the rules of the Cen of Python, okay? Pilar. Now, as soon as the class is over, I'll go with you and get you started in the rooms. Okay. Okay, see you later. So, uh, as I said, we're going to take a short break and room two is going to use it, uh, she's going to use it for a moment. Ah, Alicia's going to use it, okay? So we're going to go to room four and for that, and for that, I'm going to give you the connection details right here, okay? Give me a second and now we'll leave the room. And now at 6, sorry, by 6:5 I meant 5 cco and something, because as I said, I'm going to go help the profession now for a moment, okay? 5 C and C or thereabouts. Okay, I'll meet you in the room that I'm going to pass you next and we'll continue the class. Just a moment, just a moment while I'm getting the data from Wow. Okay. Okay. Give me a second. Schedule a meeting. Room dam 1 Thursday when recurring meeting. Okay. No end time, no fixed date. Okay. Password. This is the thing. And copy the invitation. Okay, I'll paste the invitation here and there you have it. Okay, so now in a moment I'm going to close the room, copy this you have here, that is, the click for the meeting, the meeting ID, the password, and now in a moment we'll continue. Okay, I'll see. Okay, okay. Just a moment, just a moment, just a moment. This is it, Yes, yes, yes. Ah, yes, push commit. Yes, yes, yes, yes, push commit. But I'm telling you, if we're going to continue with databases now, it's not like we're leaving, okay? Just a moment, just a moment, just a moment, just a moment, because let's see, sent, Zoom rooms, no. Okay, well yes, if you have the room, what I want, let's see, Zoom room for Dam 1, databases Thursday. Okay, Thursday at 5 p.m. Okay. Recipients for me. And this is the question. And now I want your emails. And you are from here. Let's see. Up to here. Okay, then I do this, I do this, I do this. Okay, then I just sent you an email. Indeed, we close the session. Okay, perfect. We close the session so that it's free for Alicia and we'll see each other at 5:55 in the room that I just sent you, both by email and here. Okay, come on, So I finish by