Let's go to the next subject which is interface development, okay? And in interface development, well, the other day we're going to see, we were working with, let's see, ah, let's see, let's see where we are. Descriptive languages, okay? That we were working with CSS, components. Ah, very good. Okay, components, features and fields of application. There is nothing at the moment. We're going to link components with, look, join data types. Okay, well, we've done this. Associations of actions to events. Okay, let's go to events. Well, it is mandatory that Perfect, Fran. Now, now when I get back from this class I'll do another review, okay? It's essential that we review the events available in JavaScript, the language par excellence for creating user interfaces in web environments. So for that, editing the code generated by design objects, right? And classes, properties and methods, right? And listening events, no. Okay, wait a minute, because we're going to get started on this in a bit. I'm going to do one thing. I'm going to do something in class today. I'm going to break the order a little, it's okay because we'll come back here later. Let's go with natural user interfaces, shall we? We'll go back to unit one and talk about natural interfaces, okay? A natural interface is one that in principle speaks the same language as the human being. In this case, both in Python and JavaScript, we go in this case to JavaScript, we have eh APIs that allow us to work, allow us to collaborate with an e, how would I say? With a natural interface. Let's go for it. I come here and 101 or 001 voice and speech synthesis voice pun html. I don't know if you guys can hear the audio, okay? But nothing happens. Now now we will see. Okay, so let's get to it. Let's see Chrome here. Okay, so there's a very simple API here which is Webkit speech sample demo Spanish. So the webkit speech might mean I have to use Chrome instead of Chromium, but that's fine. Well, for example, any browser based on Webkit depends on this Google API. That also has to be said, and you know that I don't like dependency at all, but okay, this is very nice, but I don't want to make it as simple as possible. Mother of God of beautiful love, uncle. Where are you going? I mean, I was doing a really cool demo, but of course, I don't want this, we'll use it really cool later, you know? But no, no is no no no. Let's see. No no. Uh, simplest possible demo of speech synthesis, because it's making me a complete application that seems fantastic to me, but it's not what I want. Okay, the first thing I want you to see is Venga. Okay, okay, fantastic. Okay, come on, let's go for it. So, uh, talk button, okay? Pig Boys. And above all, the objective is this, above all, the objective is for you to see that there is a pre-built object in the browsers that is speech synthesis and we are going to see what voices we have. Let's go for it. I'm going to local host and uh I'm going to DAM, okay? And the idea is that you see that the natural interfaces, which is what this second section is about here and eh, still and voice and speech. Okay, talk, okay, and it'll tell me and it'll tell me that since I'm on Chromium, it'll tell me that I don't have to go to Chrome for speech synthesis to be applied. Okay, this is out of the moment. This over here. Okay, I do this and Okay. Okay, you don't hear it. Okay, I'm going to put it so that it's at least recorded in the recording. Hello, this is a Spanish voice synthesis test. Okay, now I think you don't hear it, but when I believe, I believe, but wait, wait, maybe I'm wrong. Speaker lif computer audio. Hey, I don't know what he's done now. Au. I don't know if you can hear me. Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Can you hear me? Oh, oh, oh. RIP. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Come on, let's see now. Now you hear me now. Okay, so I don't know what I've done, but what I want is, let's see. No, well it seems that it doesn't let me. Okay, no problem. You will hear it in the recording. Okay, so from here on, this is a test that I do. I give him something to talk about. This is a test I'm doing. And I don't know if you're seeing the speaker volume there, okay? He's talking to us, let's say. Very good. Very good. Well, from here on, of course, what does this mean? Well, websites can talk to us, right? Once once that Okay, okay, okay, okay. Once we have this, we can also talk to the web. So new file 002 eh microphone and dot html. Now, next I come over here and I want, okay? The eh now tiniest of eh speech recognition. and I'm going to make a super mega dumb app that will simply repeat what I tell it back to me. That's it. Okay, so we're coming this way, okay? And microphone. And basically what's going to happen is that if I come here and wait, I'm going to the voice synthesis folder. Okay, I'm going to the microphone folder. Allow. This is a test and there you have it, okay? That is, we have the ability to both listen and speak built into the browser. Of course, if what I do now is put the two projects together, then I'm going to create a small microweb where I talk to it and the website responds to me. Sure, zero intelligence right now. Okay, so, sure, that's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying. Exact. Okay, so far we've been communicating with the computer, the mouse, and the keyboard, and we'll probably continue to communicate that way. But that's the idea. The idea is to be able to talk to an application and have the application, so to speak, understand you— we'll talk about that later—and have the application react, let's say, to what you tell it. Let's go for it and now we'll do some testing, because I want to delete a record, I want whatever, even if it's just a small demonstration. Well, for that, Well, for that we go to this. Let's see. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Hear. Okay. And rec on result. Yes, but no. Okay, first of all I don't understand myself. That's the problem here. Okay, now every time this is executed, this really pisses me off, it's equal to function e and it's that star operator that's fine for one line, but of course, when you have more than one line, things get complicated, obviously, and that's better. So what happens? Well, here in the rec on result what I'm doing is capturing the results and in the result, okay? Yes, yes, yes, Michelangelo. Let's see, at the moment I don't know what I'm going to do, that is, I don't know what guidelines I'm going to give him. I'll put some in, okay? But with small guidelines, with a small at least a uh a interpret commands, okay? For example, delete record two and that's it. and the program says, "Okay, delete is that I'm going to commit a crime." Record is what it's going to tell me or maybe I'll tell you to delete five or add three. Okay, that's very much what you said, isn't it? Little guidelines. Okay, so I come here and now I bring 003, I merge projects and then we go there. Let's see. Led voices. Okay, this over here. Okay, okay. Pig boys, this is staying. The voices, this stays. This stays. This is initial setup. Initial configuration of the voice synthesis eh. Okay. Come on, now on click. No, no, no, no. Okay. Okay. V Pig Boys, okay? And value, this is what this short. No, I don't like this horrible star operator. Okay. And we'll see. And now here. Okay. And the result, okay? First write what you have heard and now speak it. And then instead of putting value, I'm going to put this. I'm going to put this. Okay, let's go. Let's go there. If this goes well, if this goes well, every time there is a result we go to project three. Okay, this is a test. This is a test. And you didn't hear it, but it just said to me, "This is a test, okay? And this is another test. And this is another test. And you didn't hear it, but you'll see it in the recording, but it responds to me. But what does it respond with? Well, with the same thing I told it. Okay, it's fine, it's fine because the application is very dumb. But if I now say delete five, delete five, be careful. Okay, this is now becoming a verb and a direct object. What do I delete? And, I mean, sorry, what am I going to do and what's going to happen? Okay? I mean, delete that element that has the identifier five, for example. Another thing I can do is continuous listening, okay? But anyway, it doesn't matter. So now what I'm going to do next is create a small data structure, okay? I'm going to create a small table. To do this, to do this, let's see. 004 eh, I paint table point html. Okay, so I say initial data and I say e clients is equal to an object. Clients is an object, well, or not, or it's a ray that has objects. Okay, so I say, uh, oh, sorry, I say, name is José Vicente, uh, last name is Carratalá Sánchez and email is equal to info@josvicente and comom, okay? ojocarsa.com comma and we're going to create three clients, okay? And Juan and Jorge and I don't know, García and López. So if I have for example here a container divide container, okay? Well now what I'm going to say is that inside the container I'm going to paint a table. So function paint table is LED string is equal to table eh tr th 1 2 three, I close TR and that's it. And this is name, last name e and what and email. Okay, now, now clients dot for each function client. I go over and say string plus equals string plus equals what? Well, PR. TR T pum. And then I say client dot first name comma client dot last name comma dot il client. And finally, string plus equals we close, okay? And then I say documenty selector container [Music] dot inner html is equal to string and therefore it paints a table. Let's see it. If I run this, I paint a table or what happens syntax invalid octed token. Let's see what token I have. Ah, very good. Something related to here. Yes, I'm missing some quotes. Okay, [Music] no, neither. Okay, what else am I missing? Yes, and I'm missing more quotes. I'm, I'm fine. Okay, come on, there we have the table. Okay, now what I want to do is delete, okay? This is zero is one and this is two. It's a ray. So I come over here, I come over here and I say and I say eh 005, react react goes to the voice and then the voice eh LED recognized is equal to this ae e of results of recognized. Okay. And now I say and now I say if. if what is worth if recognized dot split of space of cer It's the same. If you want to give an operation, it's equal to this here. And I say switch operation case delete console.log let's delete break. As you can imagine, case insert, case update, case read. Let's insert, let's update, let's read. We execute console in view. We reload. I don't know if I'm on the latest version. Okay, delete five. Delete five. And it says, let's delete. Insert José Vicente. Insert José Vicente. And it says, let's insert. I say, update four. Update four. And let's update. This is what you were saying, Miguel Ángel, which are some small guidelines, okay? Very basic for now. Now later we'll talk a little about the topic of machine learning, tools for automatic learning and we'll see how we can do it and how, well, what tools we have at our disposal for Okay. Okay, then, then we'll go there. Okay, drink a moment. My throat is hurting. Absolutely. Okay, so in the case of delete next I say, of course, it recognizes it as a letter, Right? So I say, LED number equals recognized split point of 1. Of course, I make a switch switch of number, I have no choice because it recognizes it as a string, okay? And I say case 1 or case 0, well something's going to happen, okay? Case cer. Let's see, let's see. Well look, I'm telling you, clients pun splies of 0, 1 case pluncu, plunco, plunco, plunco and plunco. Case 1, clients one case two clients two case 3, clients 3, case 4 clients 4 and case 5 clients 5 and finally draw a table. Okay, attention. I'm going to delete one. Delete one. E, what happened? Hey, nice. What do you mean? Ah, clients. No, it's not Hostias. Clients it must be true. Clients, clients, clients, clients, clients. Okay, come on. Delete one. And it deleted it. Okay. And now I say delete zero. Delete zero. And it deletes it. Okay, with which the Idea, obviously this is very, very primitive, okay? But the idea of ​​being able to do this, the idea of ​​being able to execute voice and speech synthesis is precisely to be able to create, to be able to build applications that recognize voice and with which we can communicate with voice. Body part recognition is probably something quite a bit more complex, but for that we have libraries such as, for example, Media. Gosh, I've lost Media, but anyway, I have it in last year's exercises. Just a moment. Let's see, Media Pipe. That's fine. Media Pipe. Media Pipe. Simplest JavaScript example hands. Okay, in body parts and movements. 001 hand recognition. I insist that I'm going to use a library here, but I have no other choice, okay? Because, uh, making a voice recognition library too, okay? Making a library for that would be a pain. Let's see. Obviously, we load the Media Pipe library from a CDN, obviously. Let's see. Okay. And let's go. Okay. Mm. Okay, okay, Okay, okay. Okay, here we go. Paste, execute. Okay, we're loading. I hope the CDNs are active. And here we go. Uh, I'm going here, I'm going here. Parent and non-parent and parts body movements and exercises and recognition. Okay, if everything goes well, a moment here. Okay, good. If everything is good. Oh, a hand. Okay, so I have a hand. This media pipe library is great because Oh, it recognizes a hand in my eye. What a strange thing. Okay, it's great because it allows us to recognize body parts and allows us, okay, to do things. to do things like what. In fact, if you look closely, the recognition even in hidden areas is quite cool. It vibrates a little, but it's quite cool. The important thing about this is that when we use the media pipe 002 library, access to the data, well, I, for example, can come here. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay, let's see. Draw connectors. Draw Landmarks. Okay, a moment. Yes, but Here Landmarks, this is what I want. Console.log Landmarks and the landmarks I can lower the radius, by the way, okay? And the landmarks are the data. Okay, there's nothing, but I do it like this and I don't know if you see. I'm going to remove my hand. As the positions of each of the points appear in X, in Y, in Z. So from there I can program that if I close my fist, then I don't know what happens, if I open my fist, then I don't know what happens. If I raise a finger, then I don't know what happens. Okay, but it doesn't end here. It doesn't end here. It's much cooler. Now. Eh, tiniest example of face eh recognition eh boundaries admes. Okay, and now you're going to freak out. In my case there's a small problem and that is that I have a beard and obviously when you have a beard, facial recognition programs have a little more difficulty recognizing how far the jaw reaches, okay? Let's see it. And 003 eh, face. Hey, yeah, face. Okay, I'm coming this way, I'm coming this way. Imagine the possibilities of this. Okay. Okay. Au. And if you notice, And if you notice, wow, wow, wow. Okay, if you notice, what I was doing is drawing up a voice recognition to see which users have permission for what. I didn't understand that. I mean, what do you mean, which users have permission for what things? I say this because right now I don't see the relationship between... Ah, in principle I think that Webkit speech doesn't. Webkit speech takes your audio, sends it to Google's servers, probably the Google server will know who you are, but it doesn't return that information, it doesn't return the identity, like for example Siri, okay? that only the owner of the iPhone can say, "Hey, Siri, wait, maybe... Okay, okay, good." Yes, yes, correct. With this library, the web one, which is Google speech, right? Because it doesn't return the identity, probably with a more advanced one or with some that does recognize that and that there are First you would have to train it, okay? So that it recognizes your voice with respect to others. Well yes. And then and then there's another there's another library. Okay, perfect. Now the same but for eh body. Okay. So what happens? Well what happens, let's see, is that you, for example, can use these libraries to know if there's someone in front of the camera, okay? And to say, for example, that the application locks when someone disappears from the camera, that is, close an automatic, okay? Body body. So now I'm coming over here, I'm going to body, okay? And now pay attention because if I get up for a moment I'm going to leave myself here. Okay, it basically recognizes the talas. Okay, it recognizes the main part of the face. And as you can see, and as you can see, as you can see, Mediapipe, which is a Google project, well, as I told you, with some fairly minimal scripts, okay? With some fairly simple scripts, They allow you not only for the computer to see you, okay? But they allow the computer to analyze things. And I'm telling you, for example, with your posture or with, I mean, if the facial mesh is picking up on you, you can detect, for example, what we were talking about last year, Fran, that the computer, let's say, detects your mood. Or if it detects that a user is hunched over or if it detects that they have a rather sad facial expression, it might change the colors of the application to brighter ones or it might tell you an audio message, "Hey, come on, man, you can relax, okay?" And in the same way, we can do anything. So, as I said, natural interfaces, this whole part of generating natural user interfaces is about showing you the new trends in generating user interfaces, because user interfaces, well, then in point three, it goes back to creating visual components, whether buttons, radios, or switches, which if I do n't know what, I don't know how many, but at least we have a first, or rather, sorry, a second unit that is a little more futuristic and is pretty cool because the exercises we can do. Okay. Yes, correct, exactly. But the idea is that it is not a top-secret technology that is only available to car manufacturers, but the technology is already implemented in web browsers. Obviously, for the user to capture the camera, they have to give you permission. Of course, but we can do it. We can do it. Good. And now, and now, uh, within this part here, within this unit number one, a moment, okay? within this unit number one, which is tools for machine learning, there I'm going to have to jump into Python for a moment because, well, I want to show you a tool that I'm sure some of you already use because you tried it last year, which is Oyama, okay? So, Oyama is a tool that is installed on, let's see it for a moment, okay? or called is A tool that is installed on MacOS, Windows, or Linux. In this case, I have it installed on Linux, and once you have it, the following happens, okay? Uh, Oyama Oyama check version, the Oyama for Windows. By the way, I do n't know if I have it installed here, I don't think so. Okay. Uh, just so you know, it's much nicer than the one I'm going to show you. I have the one for Linux, but my son downloaded the one for Windows and played around with it one afternoon and had fun. It basically consists of downloading an artificial intelligence locally. If with voice and speech we have given the computer a voice and hearing, if with parts and movements, then we have made it able to see and recognize us. The idea with this part is to make it able to, let's say, understand us, okay? That our computer has a little bit of artificial intelligence, okay? So, 001 Oyama MD check. And the first thing I'm going to do is type Oyama version. What Oyama do I have? In this case I have, okay, 011, whatever. Okay. Next, okay? Version, okay? Okay. Now I want to know or call eh check installed engines, let's say. They're not engines, they're models. Okay, models. Exactly. Very good. Oyama list. And let's see what I have. If I go to Oyama list. It tells me, "Look, you have these, you have the 20-byte GPT OSS, which blows my RAM, this one doesn't even occur to me. And then you have the Quencoder, right? And he calls instruct, the quen encoder to make code and he calls instruct, right? I'm going to put this on you. Okay, let's assume, let's assume that I love myself for a moment, okay. Let's suppose I want to install this. Oh, sorry. Dis this. Okay, so it would be this here, install a new model, okay? And now, and now is where the scary part comes, because I say, I say this, okay? I say, eh, okay, now please eh, send question and get answer on command line. Okay, so here we go. Let's see it. I'm going to run this. And what is it? The capital of Spain. Let's see it. I run, I run, I run. Think a little, think a little, think a little, think a little and keep thinking. Let's see how my processor works. My processor will be there as soon as I hit you. Ah, look, that's where it ended. The capital of Spain is Madrid. Okay. And now next I say, okay. And what is the capital of Let's see, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Now, now let's get to it. It's Ah, cheaper on a VPS to pay for a low-priced API. I don't think so. I don't think so. And now I'll tell you, now I'll tell you, I'll tell you why. Look, uh, what's the capital of uh France? Okay, so you can see that we're going to see it. Hey, I've entered, but he's ignoring me quite a bit. Hello, hello, from France. Okay, and let's look at the processor. Wow, right on. Okay, fine. Let's see, Fran. Well, the point is that it depends on what the use is because if it's going to be for simple things, then obviously paying for an API like Open or a low-priced one like Gemini, can be good. However, look, the exercises I'm going to give you, which you'll start receiving shortly, have the following: I have a project here called EVAL. The Eval project has activities for all students. For now I've started with first grade. So what happens? Well, I come in here and if we look at the prompt, in the prompt I am taking everything that is worth it, everything I know about the student, I am taking, I am sending him in the prompt of everything about the entire subject. I 'm sending you in the prompt, I 'm sending you in the prompt exercises that we've done and I'm clear, there are a lot of tokens, that's where I want to get to, okay? And ultimately, and ultimately, it generates a prompt. What's going on? Well, if you start multiplying the tokens in this question and answer by the number of activities I've generated, and mind you, it's been two weeks, okay? I mean, imagine the entire course, well of course, the price per token, although it's very cheap in public APIs, would skyrocket. So, that's why I'm telling you, for example, in this specific case, within that, for example, using the GPT Chat API, well, it would give me questions and answers of much higher quality, obviously, because let's be clear and that is that the power, the quality of the response to the prompt, that is, a model installed on my computer, well, it will never have even remotely the quality that Openi has for obvious reasons, but nevertheless in terms of cost, I think that although the processor then goes to 100, but okay, for example, look, or call run, explain to me how to connect from PHP to MySQL, okay? And trick tri, okay? And this is, I insist, running on my computer. And note that, in fact, this model doesn't consume that much RAM or processor, a little, but it's okay. Well, my recommendation, I insist, within the fact that Fran is obviously there and then we'll see. Ah, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yes, no, no, be careful. That would also have to be looked at, since in this case we are running it on our computers, which are powerful, so it would have to be tested on a VPS. Well yes, I insist, we would have to see it. You'd have to see it. And another thing, And another thing I'm telling you is that with a VPS the most that could happen is that by hiring a cheaper VPS it would be slower. It would be necessary to see what the desired response speed is. And I, above all, tell you that what I always want is a matter of independence. Mind you, I have n't been independent about this voice and speech issue. I rely on Google's Webkit speech API, okay? I don't like it at all, but it's the closest thing I have so far to being independent in body parts and movements. I also depend on the Mediapipe library which is from Google, okay? I'm not happy about it, but this little script is the closest I have right now. It's like using an external API, in fact, to be independent. We can use Gemini Open APIs, whatever, okay? But what we have here is the closest thing to being independent. Clear. Whose call is it? Well, the model is called Meta. The goal is the United States, so in the end we are dependent on it, okay? Who is from Alibaba, Alibaba, a Chinese company, we still depend on someone. There's a model called ALIA, it's a Spanish model that I'm waiting to try out a bit [Music] to try not to depend on others, okay? from external factors, but oh well. So ultimately, ultimately, the idea, let's see, okay? Yes, correct. And the idea, mind you, is to have an independent AI locally. And then what Fran is mentioning, when we talk about local, we're talking about installing it on a server that provides internet service and from there, okay?, we can have a GPT micro chat. Let's do a GPT micro chat. To make a GPT micro chat, let's see. I say, I say, ok, perfect. I would like to make a GPT micro chat. Uh, using a backend in Python calling Oyama eh and using flask frontend HTML CSS JS and using fetch to communicate with the backend, so we're going to have a front end made in HTML, CSS and JavaScript that will send information to a back end and the back end in Python could be in any other technology, okay? It could be PHP, it could be 9JS, eh, it's going to communicate with Oyama to pass him the question, get the answer and throw it up. Okay? Let's go there. Let's go there. Look, Miguel Ángel, yes, but I can't categorically assure you 100% that it will work. We know, we know that we know nothing. That is, we know we have GPT chat, but we don't know what's behind it, they don't tell us. Over time. It seems to me that when I ask him in English, he seems to understand me better. And mind you, I'm not a native English speaker, okay? But speaking broken English I feel like I get better results than in Spanish, but I don't know if that's a perception that maybe was true last year and maybe that's changed and I haven't noticed, because the GPT chat changes and then there are times when you ask something late at night and it gives you some [ __ ] great answers and then you ask it something in the morning and it curses you and it's like it's in lazy mode, you know? It's just that nobody really knows what's behind it, you know? From GPT Chat. So yes, okay, I do it for that reason, but I can't categorically assure you that it works 100% well. So, let's create a backend. Let's create a frontend. Careful. Okay, let's create an HTML index on the frontend. Let's create a JS app. We are going to create a CSS style and in the backend we are going to create an appunp. Okay, with that said, in app.p we're going to put this which is basically Python calling oyama. And in the frontend we are going to put index.html. html, which is the structure of the GPT microch, the JS to collect the data and send it and the frontend JS which are the styles. Okay, if this is true, if this is true. Okay, this is clear. This is clear. Okay, there you go, damn it. Let's do this. Let's see. Dam second, interfaces, generation, learning, exercises, micro, backend. Let's open a terminal. We're going to create an environment that leaves me a little. Anyway, let's create an environment and activate the environment. Let's see. And no, no. Just a moment, just a moment, just a moment. No, no, no, no. Now, now I'll tell you that. I'll tell you that now. A second one, which is a good question. Let's see. Your exercises are not yet available. I'm telling you too, I started with the first graders and now I'll tell you, okay? And that's it. So we go to port 5000, local host 2.5,000 and we have a GPT micro chat. So GPT microchat, uh, what is the capital of Spain? We ship and the capital of Spain is Madrid. Okay. Hm. What is the difference between a dog and a cat? I'm going to see the processor. Let's see how the processor will respond to this. Okay, shipping and shipping. Oh, okay, wait, he's thinking. Okay, the processor doesn't really care either. The model is not bad at all. I [ __ ] in the sea. And this came out of here, okay? He's paying me back in Mark. Then nothing happens because I can implement a library that transforms from Mark to In fact, my fan is starting to be heard, but I don't know why, because the CPU, as you can see, hasn't changed much either, okay? And this is the question. Sure, what's going on? Well, if this is the case, let's see which is the best programming language. Well, always keeping in mind that when I'm sending this question, it's not being sent to an external Open-type API, okay? but the computer is calculating it, my own computer is calculating it. And then what Fran said, that it's a matter of analyzing it, it's a matter of studying it, well, what's less difficult for me. Okay, Fran, one criterion is that, one criterion is how much it costs me, but I insist, I always insist on the same thing. I implant an artificial intelligence in a client and today I depend on, you know? From an external AI, from an API that at any moment to Open or Donald Trump, I'm always with the same thing, okay? I don't know, but they're going crazy and either they multiply the price by 10 and remain so cool, or Donald Trump suddenly says, "Look, now we're going to impose tariffs on artificial intelligence." Because? Well, because I woke up like this this morning, okay? Or suddenly he comes to the United States and says, "Well, now we're going to secure our global hegemony and artificial intelligence, and we're going to cut off service to the rest of the world." And I tell you, that would have been unthinkable in other times, but not in this one. In this era, whether you like it or not, anything is possible. Okay? That's why I tell you that yes, we can have independence; if we can avoid depending on external factors, then all the better. Okay, let's talk about the topic of evaluations, okay? They are not yet available. We'll talk on Thursday about the evaluations for second year. I'm starting with the first one, but I can start teaching it to you now. Look, I'll tell you later that when you start entering the evaluations starting Thursday, we'll enter at eval.jocarsa.com. Within eval.jocarsa.com First, you will enter the ID that you gave me in the preferences form. Okay? So I'm going to take the ID of a first-year student, I'm going to click continue, and then I'm going to see the subjects this student is enrolled in. So next I'm going to go to programming, for example, and I'm going to continue. From here, a series of units appear in which there are activities to carry out. For example, I want to talk about selection structures or repetition structures, I don't know. Okay? I then click continue. Okay, and an activity is proposed specifically for this student. This student has stated that one of her hobbies is walking in the countryside. So the statement of the application is in a world full of adventures, each of us has our own rhythm. Imagine you're on a grand expedition into the countryside, exploring magical trails and encountering wonderful animals in the wild. But before you start, you need to classify yourself by age to make sure you're ready for this new stage, okay? So I create a program that starts by entering data and tells us age equals input, age equals convert it. Okay. And now, use selection structures to classify participants by age, adapting to their pace and enjoying different activities. Restrictions. Don't use functions or classes. Keep everything in one control structure. And the student, I have to rethink this activity, okay? Because I'm almost done with the activity, but well, this shouldn't be like this, but okay, let's see another one. Wait a minute, let's look at jump or selection structures, shall we? You're on repeat, okay? And okay, look, for example, this one. Use a for loop that iterates from 1 to 30. In each iteration it increments the value of days explored and displays the phrase on the screen, "Today is day X in the field." Okay? This is what's going to happen, and what's going to happen is that on this platform, for example, we're once again proposing a natural field activity. In others that we have seen later, earlier, today, board games were proposed, which was another hobby of this student, so board game activities were proposed to her, right? So, from here on, an activity is proposed for you to do. A series of restrictions may be proposed to you below, okay? You cannot use variables that have not been explained in class. The loop must be a for loop. The variable must start with the value zero. Okay? And you are told, and now we are going to this, what are the evaluation criteria, okay? How you should answer and how you should complete the activity. This is what I was telling you, and what we were discussing before, Fran, and that is that to do this activity, the artificial intelligence I have installed has explored everything I've explained in that kind of selection structures and has generated an activity. But of course, if at first you can imagine that the code is very simple and you've already seen what took up a prompt, imagine what that prompt will take up in a second. I mean, the second thing you're seeing is that obviously, okay, moment, you're seeing that there 's obviously a lot more code just with what we did in the previous class, multimedia. So, notice that as soon as I add animation, what it's going to do is eat all these exercises. Maybe it literally takes half an hour to do an exercise for each of you, but I don't care. Okay, the point is that it might take half an hour, but hey, a computer that 's on and consuming electricity, that's perfectly clear. But if I enter that prompt into Chat GPT, I know that it will still cost me €1 for each exam, that is, €1 for each activity and I have to give each student a bag of activities multiplied by x students. Okay? That's why I tell you that if there was a prompt that I know that you know is going to be what the capital of Madrid is, well I would tell you, "[ __ ], I'll call the GBT Chat API and I can send thousands of questions that might charge me 20 cents, but for example here we have a case in which they do n't." Okay? How do you fill out this activity? Let's go for it. To fill in that activity. Next we will see. Well, first let's read. And he wants to register every day. Day counter, days explored. It varies. Loop to explore. A for loop that has such a thing. In each iteration, days explored. Today is day X in the field. Okay, I'm clear about what I have to do. So next step number one. Step number one. I write the code. I'm going to IDEl. I'm going to IDEl. I make a new file. Hey! Careful. I make a new file. I go to desktop and say, eh, activity, calm activity, okay? And I say and I say, let's see, create a variable called days explored. days explored is equal to zero. Okay. Okay. Loop to explore. So I iterate from 1 to 30 for days in range from 0 to 31, okay? From the 1st to the 31st, sorry. And I say, in each iteration increase the value of days explored by one. In each iteration I increase the value of 10 explored + 1, okay? And then I say and it shows on the screen. Today is the day X of the field. Print. Print. Today is day X of the field and I say STR, conversion of type days explored. Okay? Okay. With this, as you can see, what I'm doing is strictly following what the activity is telling me. Following. X is the current number, okay? At the end of the book, it displays on the screen the sentence, "I have explored the field for a total of y days. where print where the value of y is the final value of days explored and that's it. Restrictions. I can't use variables or structures. Okay, the loop must be for type, okay? The variable explored starts at zero. Okay, I comply. Okay, I have complied. So below I have the code and here below it says your answer. But I shouldn't copy this code and paste it here yet, right? What I have to do is read the evaluation rubric. Where is the evaluation rubric? Let's see it. The evaluation rubric is at githahub.com/jocarsa/documentos. Here you have a guide for solving, guide for solving, simulation, simulation, simulation. Okay, there are a lot of guides and simulations on how to solve this activity, but I'm going to go to the evaluation rubric. And the evaluation rubric tells me, first make a brief introduction and Contextualization. Okay, so I say, what was this exercise about? This exercise was about repetition structures, okay? Brief introduction and contextualization. Explain the concept clearly and correctly. Repetition structures allow us to get the computer or the program to repeat a series of instructions so that we humans don't have to manually repeat all that code. Mention what it's for or in what context it's used. Repetition loops allow us to save work and be more productive. Okay, that's it. Okay, part one. Next question. Point two, detailed and precise development. Include correct and complete definitions. Appropriate technical terminology, explain how it works step by step, and give real examples. When we create a forum structure, first of all, we indicate or use the reserved word for. Next, we create a variable, establish a range, and use a colon to indicate the beginning of instructions. And I say quote, quote, quote. It's quote, quote, quote, this is code in Markdown. And I say for day in range of 0 to 31. Okay, I'll put a small sample and say, "And then using uh the indentation we specify the operations to repeat, like for example in this code quote, quote, quote, quote, quote, quote." and I say for day in range and I say print. Today is day comma day comma of the month, okay? A simple example of a for control structure in Python, okay? Practical application. Okay. And then I say And then I say, to better show the concept that we want to illustrate, below we can find a complete example in which a for loop iterates and modifies a variable declared before. of the loop itself. And then now is when I take that code, copy it and paste it. This is the complete exercise, include a clear example with real code. Okay? And finally, a brief conclusion. Brief conclusion. As we have seen, for control structures or loop control, if you will, are very powerful because with just a few lines of code they allow us to build programs that perform multiple copies of a task or multiple executions or multiple occurrences of a task. Okay, finally, finally, delete the titles. I've put the titles as a guide so we know we're solving the evaluation rubric step by step. We remove the titles. We take the code, the text, okay? We paste it and send it. And we send it. And that's it. The response has been saved correctly. And that's how you 'll have to fill out the activities starting Thursday. If I now go to the server, if I now go to the server, I go to the Eval folder, where that application is published. I go to Eval, I go to activities, I'm going to see the last modified one. The last modified one today at 8:30 and uh, I'm going to load it in the text editor here. Okay, I'm going to load it and then we'll see that a JSON file is saved. Every time you send an activity, that activity is saved in a JSON file and the repetition structures appear, allowing the program to create, I don't know what, I don't know how many. This was sent from IP address such and such on date, the student's ID is obviously such and such, okay? And that's it. This is how the activities are submitted. Yes, yes, no problem because I'll restart Serena's exercise later. Okay, so let's see, Miguel Ángel, I'll answer that now. Okay, next question. Next question, before we get to the point about scoring, which you'll see now that you don't have to worry about. In fact, I came back from first grade to explain this very thing, so you'll see now. Of course, Fran, imagine that starting this weekend, I have a small artificial intelligence application that gives each of you activities according to your preferences, okay? Personalized activities. I'm going to have another artificial intelligence, which is the same thing. I mean, it's a Python skip that goes against Oyama, but that goes through all of them and Each of those Joneses, and you tell him, look, this is the question statement, this is what the student answered, evaluate it, okay? Evaluate it, give it a grade from 0 to 10, and give it feedback. In other words, tell him if he did it right, and if he didn't, then tell him what he should have done to do it right, based on, in other words, what should he have done to do it right? Based on the evaluation rubric, which I'm also going to provide, okay? So, as you can imagine, he'll spend hours evaluating, and the amount of tokens consumed will be incredible, but it doesn't matter. Since it's local, I'm not too worried about it beyond obviously the processor time I used and the electricity it consumes, which in this case will probably be in the early hours of Saturday to Sunday, so I'll just leave it there calculating and that's it. Okay, let's see, the activities can be carried out with what you correct us. In principle, it's not Expected, but hey, I'm not going to refuse, okay? I mean, we can design the system so you can respond. That is, if the system tells you, "Look, you got a seven, and to get a 10 you should have done this," well, hey, you can do it, okay? I mean, my goal isn't for you to get it right the first time, my goal is for you to get it right in the end. The activities could be redone, I have to see. The exam couldn't be retaken, okay? But okay, but the activities yes. Why do I say the exam? For a very simple reason, what I just explained to you is how subunit activities, unit activities, and quarterly exams are resolved. Everything will be in exactly this same format, which means that once you get used to the evaluation rubric, you'll have it for the entire course. for the entire course in my subjects. I mean, Pilar Ruiz and Alicia's are a different story, okay? So, that means that on the first day it's going to take you a while to get used to the assessment rubric and to see what they ask me in this block and to see what they ask me in this other block, but once we have that done, it's just repeating this same scheme for any assessment in this course, okay? Respond this way and you get the highest grade and that's it. Let's talk about penalties or let's talk about how it's evaluated, let's say, when you submit, so to speak, late, okay? So for that, in my in my in my these documents, in my GitHub of documents, you also have a penalty policy, okay? and the penalty policy, in addition to having the penalty calculation here, but it's okay because you have an illustrative table and I think with the illustrative table you'll see it well. If you submit the activity within 24 hours of the activity being posted, the maximum score is 10. If you submit it between one and two days later, of course, a tenth of a point is subtracted, which means you can grade it out of 9.9. That activity would have a maximum of 9.9. If you deliver 2-3 days later, 9.8, what happens? If you hand this in, I think it's 7 days, okay? It seems to me. Well, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. Submitting the activity a week late only takes away 0.6. Submit the activity 10 days later. 10 days later remove a stitch. What does that mean? Well, nothing's wrong, okay? If you deliver the following week, during the following week, then you have a 9.4, you score out of 9.4 and whoever delivers immediately, then that person scores out of 10. If you deliver two weeks later, two weeks later you score out of eight, that is, 15 days late and still scores out of eight. Of course, the one that is delivered like three months later, well that one obviously scores out of one, right? Whoever submits a month and a half later will score out of two. Obviously, the one that is submitted months later, because that one obviously cannot be scored. Okay, that's it. And this is the evaluation policy. And finally, I have to explain the percentages to you, okay? What each activity weighs. For that, I think I have the percentages here, which are the following ones that I am showing you here. You will have three types of activities: subunit exams, easy ones, which are 20% of the quarterly grade. Unit activities, the not-so- easy ones, the less easy ones, which are 20% of the quarterly grade. the quarterly exam, which is 50% of the quarterly grade. And then since 20 + 20 + 50 do not add up to 100, but add up to 90, we have 10% of the extra mile. The extraile is a project of yours that I haven't included, a project that isn't included anywhere in the course. It's a project that you do because you wanted to, and I don't tell you what to do. You decide what you have to do in that project. Obviously, this project must use the knowledge of the subject, of course. And that free, independent, self-initiated project, that project is the 10% extra mile, the extra mile, let's say. And this is this is the percentage of the quarterly evaluation, okay? So that's it, don't worry too much about the Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Uh, no, no, no, no, no. Not for you. Wait, wait. Let's see. The project is like the FCTs we discussed at the beginning of the class, and it's that those students who are going through low, the old education law, you go through, sorry, low or yes it was low, I think, I don't remember, anyway, whatever. You're going for a TFG, the TFG is evaluated, okay? The TFG is a project that you carry out together with the FCTs from March to June. And this TFG is evaluated with a single grade with the final presentation and the submission of the project. I'll send you the TFG index shortly. I have it here on Google Drive. In fact, in fact, if you give me your email, I can share it with you right now. So, uh, TFG, TFG Dow, which is the same, right? And I share it with you. And this is the index. Here's the index of the TFG, okay? lifelong, old-fashioned. Yes, correct. Yes, exactly. Okay, a functional app with everything we've given. Indeed. Okay, give me your email and use the chat here and I'll share it with you. Okay. And the TCG, for those of you on the old plan, doesn't have quarters, it's the third quarter and that's it. Perfect. Well, I'll share it with you as a reader, okay? And there you have it. And throughout these months we will be talking about how to approach the TFG. And for those of you who are going to the LFP, instead of a TFG, you have an itinerary, I was going to say, you have an intermodular project 2, which you already know how we started with the index and such, you're welcome. And that one does go by quarters. And the intermodular project is assessed the same as the rest of the subjects with safety activities. activities per unit and quarterly exam, okay? And there's a bit of a problem there because those with the old plan go to one topic and those with the new plan go to another topic. Another thing, another thing that I can offer you if you want, okay, Miguel Ángel? It's that although for example, the issue of TFG and F, that is, the issue of FCTs, of course, Agustín, there is no TCG, but there is an intermodular project, which ends up being the same. The only thing is that before the TFG was done three months at a time and now the inter-nuclear project is done little by little from the beginning, but in the end it's the same. Okay? So, Miguel Ángel, I can't change the FCTs for you because you have to go from March to June. Now, the topic of the intermodular project or the TFG, whatever you want, because in the end the intermodular project is a TFG, okay? So, yes, exactly. And I'm telling you, in this case, mind you, I'm also going to tell you something, Miguel Ángel, in this case where we're talking about distance learning, the issue of dosed practices, I think it's phenomenal, okay? Now, in other institutes where they teach in person it's hell, okay? That's not practical because I can tell you, guys, that in the morning you go to practice for a few hours and in the afternoon you go to classes. Well, there you have it, the distance learning mode. But of course, in the mornings, that is, those in person who go to class in the morning, having each one have a calendar is outrageous. Okay, but anyway, what I'm telling you is, think about it and if you want, do a TFG and if not, do an intermodular project. And if you sign up for an intermodular project, well, in the end I'll evaluate it as a TFG and that's it. Okay, the extra, but it's not extra smile, it 's extra mile, it's the extra mile, not the extra smile, okay? They are effectively the ones who actually have the knowledge given in that quarter for that subject, right? And then the intermodular project is actually a whole, right? It is, I insist, what we are seeing on Fridays, okay? Which is the project where we first analyze the companies, decide what type of company we want, look at the competition, what its structure is, all of that, okay? We are following an index, both the people who do it as a TFG and the people who do it as an intermodular project, it's the same. I mean, if you look at the index of the traditional TFG, it's a collection of information, companies in the sector based on their characteristics, identification of needs, the same thing, right? So, that's why I say that what they've done with the intermodular project has basically been to take the old TFG index from the BOE and simplify it a little, but it's basically still the same. That's why I'm telling you it's okay because in the end, okay?, the work you're going to do is going to be practically the same. Good. And before it gets any later, well yes, yes, yes, yes, correct. There are extra thousand for intermodular project. What does it consist of? I'll tell you about it on Friday when we get to the intermodular project, but yes, there is one, there is one. Correct. Okay. And eh, let's see, let's see if you 've sent me resumes. I hope so, to send this to the company. Okay, so we go here and Okay. Okay, let's see, Agustín. Okay, just a moment. Let's create a folder, okay? CV and then I will upload it to Google Drive. Luis, yes, please. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, please. Let's see, let's see. Augustine this way. Fran, this way. Holy crap, there are two of them. Fran, what do we do? Which shipment? Oh, okay, maybe it's a PDF and a link to Google Drive. Okay, it's the same one. Okay, okay, great. Perfect. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Let's see the WhatsApp. Okay, let's see. And let's see. Okay, okay, Luis, I'll see you around here, okay? So, OK. Okay. Mentín. Come on, Luis, give me a resume. Let's see. Ah, by email. Okay, okay. There it is. Well, let's see, let's see, eh, it's difficult, okay? It's difficult for me to give you a recommendation for the simple reason that this is the first year that we're doing Intermodular Project 2 and I haven't experienced the development yet, that is, I haven't experienced a full year of Intermodular Project 2. So yes, I have experienced a lot of years of TCG and I've seen that, well, when students leave everything to the last minute, they end up doing nothing during the term, it always happens and they don't sleep in the last week. The intermodular project seems better to me because there are activities, there are assessments, and in some way the student is forced, but that's good for the student, you know? to work little by little and work hard and not have that frenzy of writing and submitting the TFG in the last week before June, okay? No matter how many milestones and intermediate deliveries I give you and all that, in the end people skip them and end up submitting their TFG in a hurry at the end. Okay? So, having said that, I would recommend you join the intermodular project, but as I said, I've seen the pros and cons of the TFG over the years, and I still need to see the pros and cons of the intermodular project this year. Maybe we'll finish Intermodular Project 2 this year and I'll never miss the Final Project again, and maybe we'll finish this year and say, "Oh my God, with the Final Project going so well, why did they give us the Intermodular Project?" Don't know. I don't know how to give you an answer right now. Do you know well? So, then let's go there. I'm going to send. Oh, look, Joshua. Very good, perfect. Let's go there. Okay, this way. Very good. Okay, so let's send out these resumes. I have them all now, okay? And I'm going to give this one a star, okay? And here we go with the internship students. Very good. Well, hello Raquel. Thank you very much for your email. You've welcomed us students these past two years, and the experience so far has been very positive, so I'm glad you're contacting me again for this course. This course is special. As you may know, due to the new vocational training regulations, students no longer do the 400-hour internship. Gee, uh, from March to June, okay? And okay, yes, please, pass it on, pass samples to Miguel Ángel, but I'm telling you, Miguel Ángel, wait, now, now I'll tell you things, okay? What is important is that we also talk a little about the CV, apart from you sending him, okay?, samples of yours from March to June, eh, but those 400 hours are spread out over the course from more or less until the end of May. This means that, if you want it or wish it that way, you can count on the students already in the company without having to wait until March as in previous courses. Attached to this email I am sending you an initial DCV series of students. Since we're in class this afternoon, I didn't want to leave the CV collection for later, but rather, the sooner we can close this matter, the better. And if you want, check them out and tell me something when you can. I assume you will interview the candidate who interests you to fill the internship position. I look forward to hearing from you when you can. Greetings, José Vicente. And with that, I then take the CVs. And as I was saying at the beginning of the class, before this contact, before this opportunity cools off, we send out our resumes, okay? And if someone sends it to me later, then it's no big deal. Then you attach another email and another resume and that's it. Okay. Okay. Come on, let's go this way. This is sent here so that things don't take any longer. And I'll tell you about the curriculum, okay? I'm going to tell you the same thing I told you last year, it's not going to be anything new, but we'll see. Uh, a resume has three parts. One, personal data. Two, uh, work experience in that order and three, training. Okay? In your work experience and training, highlight the technologies you use in bold. Okay, when someone opens your resume, the first thing that jumps out at them, okay? Whether it's JavaScript, PHP, Python, SQL, [ __ ], etc., okay? That's the first thing you have, because when you send a programmer's resume, what people want to see when you send your resume is that you program, right? So, let that be clearly visible in bold, right there, okay? If you don't have any work experience, which some of you will tell me you don't, or if it's not related to the subject, then you can include the internships you did in the intermediate level and those from the first year of DAM. That is, it is a resume for a programmer. So, first of all, always put everything that has to do with programmer, okay? And then and then the rest. Same thing in training, okay? First, computer training. You haven't finished the cycle, okay? put I'm doing the cycle, okay? And then the rest, the first thing that has to be seen on the resume is what you have as a programmer. Personal data. Add social media, including LinkedIn and GitHub, because companies will want to see what you're up to, and companies will want to see your code. If your LinkedIn isn't in order, you 're already running to get it in order. If your Jidhamb is not in order, you are already running to get it in order. Because all of this, for example, Jithub last year was to show me, this year it's for companies to see and for them to take you on as an intern and tomorrow for them to take you on as a contract, okay? And that's it. and there's no more mystery and today is please create, that is, make a cool design, okay? A nice design, but use Canva, I mean, I'm not going to take a look to see what I find. I'm scared, but anyway, let's see what happens. Let's see, Agustín. Okay, okay. Come on, very well. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. No. Ah, fantastic. Well, it's already sent, but hey, send me another one then. Okay, well no, dude, Agustín, I mean, last year you did your first-year internship, okay? So, give me the practices first. And what did you do with the internship? And what if JavaScript and what if the particles and what if the neutron accelerator or whatever, LinkedIn, okay? But let it be a link, let it be a link and this way, okay? Okay, okay, okay. No, man, I mean, how do you turn me on? I mean, at the very bottom, it almost falls off the page, right? The senior technician application is that this resume is telling me, I mean, don't give me the position, you know? At the top, the first thing is always the most important, and at the bottom, the last thing is the least important. Okay, this, OK. Okay, this is fantastic. If it's the experience you have, it's the experience you have, that's it. But tell me about the practices you did last year. Let's see, Joshua. Okay. Okay, very good. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, mobile mail and all that. Put me on LinkedIn, put me and about me. Passionate. Okay. Okay. The photo. Cool. Good. Fresh green. Okay, okay, okay, okay. In your case, last year, you did n't do the internship, so this year, by the way, you've accumulated 500 hours. Well, that's it. This is the experience. This is the experience. Academic data, the cycle comes first. Okay. Okay. Come on. Ah, until the sixth semester. Okay. Okay. Okay, come on. Very well, Luis. Okay. Wow, this resume has changed me compared to last year. Okay, LinkedIn. Yeah, fantastic. Look, Luis Rodriguez, software developer, specializing in applications. Let's see, this is what I say, okay? technical skills, right? From JS, MySQL, PHP, this is going to blow your mind. I mean, the first thing that catches your eye, I mean, you see this here and you see this here and you say, "Okay, this person programs." That's it. And from there we continue. Education first, the DAM. Very good. Experience dependent. Tacata tacata. Okay, very good. Projects, okay? Well, projects. Okay, the repository and more projects on Jitha and on my website. Okay, this is it. Very good. And here are last year's practices. Okay, Fran, let's see. Okay, okay, very good. No, man, Fran, you're a computer systems and network technician. Okay, you are. Okay, you have that degree, but whoever reads this is going to say, "Oh, no, no, I'm looking for a senior development technician." No, okay, you put application development technician and then somewhere below also put and I am also a microcomputer and network systems technician. Okay, but this is, look, let's see. Very good. Okay. Okay. Uh, okay, okay. Work experience. Very good, very good. Okay. Okay. The thing about the higher technician in platform development at the Polytechnic University. Fantastic. Very good. This is, okay, microcomputer systems technicians, okay? And first officer. Okay. First the programming stuff, and then the experiences or training that have nothing to do with programming. Fantastic. Okay. Higher technical education, intermediate level and school level. Okay. Additional information. Okay. Courses related to Angular, Larabel, E-commerce, JJO, Web. Okay, fantastic. And then Windows, Internet, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay, fantastic. That is. Okay, then nothing, your resumes are fine. Just improve that issue, okay? Just improve the issue of you opening it and it being a resume that jumps out at you, you know? Because you might say, "Wow, it's very obvious that I put Python, PHP, SQL there, but it's not obvious, okay? Because the person who evaluates those resumes evaluates those and 20 more, because this girl is surely not the, I mean, she didn't just send me an email, she's surely sent an email to some other institute, so it's not just going to be you, there will be more programming students competing for those positions, okay? So, even though it's obvious, but if a person opens that resume because it has 30 more to see, well as soon as they see that it doesn't fit, they 'll say, "On to the next one." Okay, life is unfair, but I didn't create it, okay? So that's how it is. But if when they see the resume, the first thing that jumps out at them is PHP, Python, SQL, programmer, development, well that person will say, "Wait, wait, wait, I like this, let's keep reading." Okay, it's a bit absurd, But it is what it is. I mean, it's definitely what it is. So, that's it. So, that's it. So, that's not much for today, not much because it 's 9:00. Theoretically, we have until 30:00, but this has caught us a bit off guard to now get back to interfaces and do more things, okay? So, in the coming weeks, I'll obviously be telling you all the details, especially because the next part of this is augmented reality. But as you can imagine, it's 9:00, so I won't have time to explain augmented reality to you from now until 9:30, okay? So, we'll continue on Thursday. On Thursday, you know, we'll work on data access and processes and services, and then on Friday, again, on the intermodular project and business management systems. Okay? Well, guys, we'll continue on Thursday.