Let's see where we left off last week. Let's go there. We upload computer systems. Okay. Installing operating systems. Okay, just a moment. Okay, perfect. Okay. Main operating systems. Okay. Okay. Okay. Very good. This is unit two. Types of operating systems. Okay. And we're going to look at applications and, oh, licenses. Momentin. Types of licenses. Oh, just a moment. Wait. Installation procedure. Oh, wait, we already did this. Okay, so I'll leave this. Bootloaders, right? Virtualization technologies. We were looking at Virtual Box. Preliminary considerations. Facility. Okay. Okay. Installing applications. My SQL. Very good. Let's go there. Okay, let's see next over here. We are already recording. Okay, wait a minute. Hm. Look, it's not just a copy of the website's structure anymore. I, in fact, in these in this JSON file that I have made, I have not saved the structure, what I have saved is the data of the web, which is here. Okay, this just has the data, right? Not the structure anymore. What it has is the data model, yes, that is, the structure of the data model, but not the structure of the website. So the idea is that when you make a website, if you mix JSON and content and CSS and all that, you end up with, let's say, a bit of a hodgepodge, everything together at once, right? in the same file. And that's fine when you make a single website, but when you make many websites, having everything together and everything mixed together means reuse is much less. So, not just the articles in JSON, but output the data to an external file, JSON, XML, CSV, whatever you want, okay? But JSON is usually the most common. What it helps us do is separate the layers of information and separate the programming structure from the data. And in this way, uh, for example, the first teaching unit, the one on recognizing the characteristics of markup languages, was very difficult because it was an XML. And why do I want an XML? So now, in both markup languages and programming, we're going to see what we want XMLs for and what we want them for, to store data, okay? And that's the answer to your question, Sandro, okay? We want the Joneses to store data, to absorb, to consume data on the web. Okay? Okay, so I come over here to computer systems and of course, of course, right? But it's not that it makes more sense because I'm explaining it to you now, but the more classes progress and the more exercises we do, the more we'll use JSON data consumption, and that 's when you'll really see its meaning and usefulness in the practical exercises. Okay? Well, let's go to update and of course, you know, let's open Virtual Box, let's open the virtual machine, let's open, well, we had Ubuntu Server, right? Or what? I just do n't remember anymore. That is, we were working on Ubuntu with the server or with the normal one. I think with the server, right? Oh, I don't know. Right now I don't know. We were working with a Linux server. Okay, correct. Okay. Okay, so I open up here, start the server. Let's go there. Very good. I enter as José Vicente. Password of Atame a 23. Okay. And I have this here. And once I do this too, remember that this was the virtual machine, I opened the normal Ubuntu by mistake. What do you mean by mistake? No, I guess I'll have it there for some other group of students, but oh well, it's okay. Okay, so now I go to the monitor, here I do an IF config, I see that I am number 78. Okay, yes, that's why I'm telling you, but with you I have opened, with you I have created the server or the normal one. I say this to make sure we're all on the same page. Ah, with you just the normal one. Okay, as I mentioned before, you made the server for me. Okay, okay, then I'll turn it off. Hey, sudo shutdown. Now you'll see that what I'm going to teach you is basically the same, right? And give me a 2 3. Yeah, calm down, calm down, nothing's wrong. Okay. And now here in the Virtual Box I open the normal one. Okay. No. Oh, but then it was the server or it was the normal one. Okay, it was the server. Okay, come on, let's open the server. So, I close this one, I turn off the machine, okay? And we start the server. Wait, because now the server will be running. Okay, control C. All right. Okay. And now I was saying it was 78. Okay, I say SSH Josévicente @192168178. I say yes and enter the password. Give me a 23. Hey, what happened? What happened? What happened? Just a moment. Oh, the system is shutting down or something. Yes. At one point the system was scheduled to shut down. Okay, I'm going to start it again. U to server. Let's go there. Moment. Okay, let's start the server and now, from a terminal, okay? Forks. And this, okay? We do it like this. I'm going to copy this for you. Okay, okay. This is 001 login on the server dot well MD, right? Login to the MD server. Okay, what have I done? Well, what I've done is simply log into the server. Now once I get into the server, we're going to see different types of updates. 001 update of eh version packages. MD. To update the versions, let's make this big. You have to put sudo apt update. And when you put sudo update update, we'll see, eh, you should have virtual box to test the to server. Of course, of course, because remember that, and I'll take this opportunity to remind you, remember that the methodology of the classes is that everything I do, you have to do the same, okay? Because most likely everything I do will appear in the activities. So if I start a point server, then most likely later in the activities you will have an install a point server and enter this command and tell me what appears on the screen and check that you have done I don't know what, okay? Therefore, always, always, always everything that I do, you must also do, and then, and then do the activities. Okay, so remember the other day what I told you about all your code having to be in Gizub. Now we'll talk about it later. So now that I'm inside W Server, I 'm going to put this command next. Sudo aptword un 2s 3, here, okay? The system is connecting to update all the repositories and okay, downloading the package list, okay? And then, and then it tells us, "Okay, doing this, uh, let's see, wait a minute, Serena, I got a message that says before the end of class I'm leaving at 3, but I don't know what you mean. I mean, I'm missing like a piece of a sentence. Okay, tell me when you can. I say this because I have the piece of before the end of class that I'm leaving at three. Ah, okay. Ah, ah, yes, yes, yes. Correct, correct. Now I'll tell you. Okay, very good. I do this, I put to do this that I'm going to do now and now I comment about the github, correct? Okay, so now next I say 002 update packages pun and then from here I can say sudo apt upgrade okay and that's it. I copy, paste, launch and it tells me, "Look, all these packages can be updated. Doing so will download 284 megabytes of files, which when decompressed will result in 415 megabytes of additional disk space. Do you want to perform this operation? Yeah. Okay, I'm going to copy all of this and I'm not going to copy what's coming next because it's going to be a lot in 1000 lines. I say yes, I hit enter and now what it's going to do is that all the packages I have to update are going to be updated. Okay? This is a massive update. Now, I'll explain how to do a piece-by-piece update, step by step. While this is being done, which will take a little while, I'm going to tell you what I was telling you about GitHub. Remember what I mentioned the other day: just as I upload everything to JitHub, just as I mentioned in development environments when I showed you how to install JitHub, what I want is for all of you to put all your code into GitHub, into your JitHub, and share it with me. How do you do that? I'm going to put a series of, let's see, new files here, right? Exercises share with me the githubd. Okay, what do you have to do? Step number one, you have to sign up for JH, that is, you have to go to jithaub.com and sign up, that is, if you are not signed out, okay? If you're not signed up here, if you're not registered, then click sign in. Once you've registered and effectively entered, you no longer need to enter project codes, but rather codes for everything you do, that is, within this methodology that everything I do, you have to do as well, a methodology I 've talked about in the emails I 've sent you since the beginning of the course. You are supposed to be doing all the code that I do, so now it's time to put it on your Jithub and send it to me. So, as I was saying, you have to sign up for JHub. Two, you must create one or more repositories or a repository with folders or more repositories. One for programming, one for databases, okay? I don't know, whatever you want. Okay, then wait for me to save this or I'll lose it. Okay, then you download GitHub Desktop to your machine. Four. You clone the created repository. How do you clone? It is cloned in Ghub Desktop from File Clone Repository, right? And in file Clone Repository you will see that they will appear, now you will see for a moment, you will see that the repositories that you have prepared will appear, okay? from file clone repository. Five, in Windows Explorer you put all your code in the cloned folder. How do you know which folder is cloned? Well, at the time of cloning, the folder in which you are going to clone it appears there. It will be in my documents, in the HC2 folder of Shamp, I don't know, wherever you want. Okay, if you've already cloned it, how do you know which folder you're in? then right click and show in your file manager. For those of you on Windows, it will show you in Windows Explorer directly. Now, once you do that, if I go, for example, and you see that today I created new files here in the D 2526 folder, then I go to DAM 2526 and it tells me, "Hey, you created new files today." Okay, so once you've copied the files, you commit and push. What is commit plus push? So we go to Jitub Desktop and click on the commit button and then click on the push button. What push button is it? Black or blue? It doesn't matter, they're both the same, okay? With which you give it push. Comitipus and with that you have uploaded your files to Jithah. What do you do next? You share it with me on jidha.com 18. You enter the repository. In the repository. Wait for me to log in. They will ask me for SMS. Okay. Oh, SMS. Here messages and Okay. Okay. And 6 37 946. Okay, very good. Hey, let's see. So, next, you'll go to settings, go to settings at the end of the top bar and in collaborators you go to collaborators and manage access people manage access ad people you add invitation for the user user and that's it. Okay? So the goal is that in the same way that you of course have access to all my code, I also need to have access to your repositories to periodically check how you're uploading the code, how you're working, everything that you do in the same way that I do at the end of each class, I do it here and I commit and I push and I upload the news, so the goal is that you also gradually work in such a way that there comes a time when I enter your JithHub and I go here to the Commit history and I see how you're uploading little by little and how you're working periodically and how you're gradually progressing, okay? So that's it in one sentence, okay? It's what I was telling you before, that over the next few days, since we're a month away from the exams, over the next few days you should be posting the code, sharing it, for example, look this morning to see, okay, what I'm going to receive, to see if I've already received any of yours, okay? and not yet, okay, I'll get this, okay? I will therefore receive messages like these in which each of you will invite me to your repositories. I see I have n't received any yet from right now, which means, well, not yet, okay? So do it as soon as possible. Now, what I want to see is that you are going to work on the code first, and second, we are going to see, yes, look, an example of a student repositories. Well, now you're going to see it, huh? And we'll see. Valentin magnet ver. Okay. And a little programming moment, no, not yet. Okay, let's see. H a ver Rot Root databases. A moment about markup languages. Wow, what a moment they shared it with me this morning and it seems that it's still there. Let's see, Brian. Well, I'm going to pick up some of the previous nerds. Wait and see, Fabiana, okay? For example, this aspect could have in this case databases, markup languages, programming, right? Within programming, then creating constructors, creating classes, repetition structures, right? This is the structure that a student's repository could have. That is to say, my recommendation is that you follow the same structure that I follow, because the structure that I follow is literally the structure of the regulations. But if you don't follow the structure that I follow, but you follow a structure such that when I enter I can see and understand the content, then that's fine by me. Okay? So, if I see a student here who has put databases, markup languages, and programming and I see some folders here, I say, "Cool, okay?" And apart from that, I'm going in, the names are clear, I'm clicking and I see that everything makes sense and that everything has something, okay? And that everything is correct, well that's fine by me. What I don't want is to go into a student's repository and see HTMLs, SQLs, Pythons, and everything mixed up there without a name, and that's it. Okay? So, let's see. Correct. Okay, indeed, your Jithub Adam folder so I can see and so I can keep track of each of you and see how you're doing effectively. Okay, that's it. And I'm telling you, and in the same way that you see that I work directly in the GitHub folder and so every time I make modifications automatically at the end of the class, all I have to do is click the submit changes button. Well, I recommend that you do the same, that is, not only send your DAM folder one to Jitha, but also what you can do next is start working in that folder and in that way, when working in that folder, each update that you make at the moment that you go to GitHub Desktop and you click commit and push, I will automatically have it, okay? So that's the idea, right? Okay, then let's see. And by the way, over the next few days I'll send you a questionnaire just so you can fill in the URL of your repository so I can have it saved there. Okay? Okay, so after doing this, after a good while of updating, okay? I already have all the updated versions within my operating system. In this case, in this case 003 dis upgrade. I'm going to write this to you, but I'm not going to recommend it to you. Ok, I sweat aptade when it's worth it, only for when the version is very outdated. I'm currently using Ubuntu 2404, long time support. Let's say 2604 comes out and I, for example, to upgrade from 2404 to 2604 or to put it another way, this is like upgrading from Windows 10 to Windows 11, right? so that you understand, let's say, what the scope of what that command does is. The thing is that upgrading from Windows 10 to Windows 11 is a hassle, whereas with Linux it's a single command, but I don't recommend doing it. I'm telling you that this command exists, I'm not going to use it because it would update the entire system and that 's not something I want to do right now. What I recommend when I, for example, have 2404, right now on my server, the real one, and I know this April, right? Ubuntu LTS will be released in April 2026 because it comes out every 2 years. So what I'll do when that time comes is first wait until summer, okay? And around August 15th or so, what I'll probably do is pull everything off my server, reinstall it from scratch, but with Ubuntu 2604, and I'll reinstall everything. Okay, it's the same recommendation. This is a more personal recommendation than an official one, but the same thing happens when I have to upgrade a computer from Windows 10 to Windows 11. My recommendation is not to upgrade. That is, my recommendation is to go to Windows 10, extract all the contents of the operating system, make a copy on an external hard drive or a USB drive, whatever you want, and then format the computer and install a clean Windows 11. Okay? That's my recommendation for Windows, Linux, Mac, and any operating system. Okay? Now, now, once we've talked about the operations in a big way, okay? Now what we're going to do next are package-by-package operations, that is, I don't want to install everything in a huge way or uninstall everything in a huge way, I want to have a little more control. Okay, let's see what we can get. So we already saw the other day how to install the MD package. We already saw the other day that if we want to install a program we need to run sudo apt install, for example, APCH 2. Okay, in this case I'm going to run it. We know that we already have Apache 2 installed, so sudo app install 2 tells us that in this case Apache is already at its most recent version, it tells us, "Hey, you already have it, you don't need to install it." Ok, but next I want an install, so I sudo appt un install or remove. Oh, right now I'm doubting AP2, so sudót install remove and it tells us, "Are 465 KB going to be freed after this operation?" Yes. Okay, sure. What's going on? that I just uninstalled, which means that if I now go to 192 168 178, there is no more Apache because I have uninstalled the application. In fact, we have uninstalled Apache so that we can later run this test and it will show that we have really removed Apache. If I want to reinstall Apache, I just hit sudo app install 2 again. Okay. And okay. Now, next will update. There are times when you run Apache or any other application, I don't care, okay? There are times when, wait a minute, there are times when we already have the application installed, but we've had it installed for a while and what we want is to update it. So sudo aptateche 2. What this command does is connect to the server, check if there's a newer version of Apache than the one we have, and update it. Okay. Uh, sorry, yeah, sudo apt. Hello. No, wait. Uh, no. Accept arguments. No. Mm. UPT update application. It's probably an upgrade. Let's see, upgate, no. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay, we say install, okay? and tells us, "It's already on the latest version." Okay, correct. It's install APH 2 also to update to the next version or the latest version or whatever. Okay, with this we see how we are able to, at any given time, update and start up and do whatever we want. Now, recovery of operating systems and applications. Okay, this is where things get a little more complicated. How do we recover? What would you say to me in the chat? How do we recover a crashed operating system? What do you say? There is a rule that is sacred, it is very simple. What do you say? Sandro, that is the correct answer. The correct answer is backup. That is to say, there are multiple ways for an operating system to crash, but it depends on the disaster that occurs in the operation, let's say, recovery, because it may be that the only solution to recover an operating system is to restore the backup that was previously made if a backup was made. So to do this I'm going to do the following. Let's see. In this case, since I installed Apache, let's see what I have, let's see it here. Just a sec, I'm going to make a backup, but I need 5 minutes first. I'm going to leave this open. I'm going to stop recording. Of course, do you remember what we did the other day to create a backup of the database from MySQL? We're going to do something similar today.